Netwrix Privilege Secure for Access Management enables administrators and help desk professionals to perform their day-to-day activities easily and without the complexity of traditional Privileged Access Management (PAM) tools. As a next generation Privileged Access Management solution, Netwrix Privilege Secure focuses on controlling the activity that needs to be performed rather than mapping access to an account. The result is a reduced attack surface that drastically improves an organization’s overall security posture. Netwrix Privilege Secure enables secure, task-based administrative access delivered just-in-time and with just-enough privilege. Getting Started Once Privilege Secure is installed, complete the following configuration sections to enable users to create activity based sessions on defined resources. Additional capabilities such as Access Certification, email notifications, and SIEM service integration can be enabled in their respective configuration pages. Configure MFA Privilege Secure requires a multi-factor authentication (MFA) solution (Authenticator, DUO, Symantec VIP, etc.) for all user accounts. First time users must register an MFA to use with their Active Directory credentials: Configure multi-factor authentication (MFA). See the First Launch topic for additional information. Login to the Privilege Secure Console. See the Log Into the Privilege Secure Console topic for additional information. Update the License Netwrix Privilege Secure comes with a temporary 30-day license. Contact the organization’s Netwrix sales representative to purchase a license: Import the license file. See the Import the License File topic for additional information. Privilege Secure licensing is done according to user count. Any user who is provisioned access to Privilege Secure will consume a license after their first login. This is true for all users, regardless of role (Administrator, Reviewer, User, or Custom Role). Add Service Accounts & Domains Prior to using Privilege Secure, it is necessary to add the service accounts and domains that contain the users, groups and resources: Service Accounts Page — Add the account credentials that will grant access to the required resources Add New Domain — Add the Active Directory domains that contain the users, groups, resources and service accounts that Privilege Secure will use to grant access Add Users, Resources & Activities Before users can create sessions, it is necessary to setup an access policy. A user must be a part of an access policy to create a session. The access policy determines what activities the users can perform and on what resources. An Access Policy consists of three parts that must be configured first: Users & Groups Page — Add the Users and Groups from AD that will use the Privilege Secure Console Resources Page — Add the resources such as Windows or Linux servers that the users will access via the Privilege Secure Console Activities Page — Add the actions that Privilege Secure will perform before, during and after a session, such as temporarily adding the user to a local admins group Configure Access Policies Once the users, groups and resources are added to the console, it is now possible to create access policies to control privileged access: Connection Profiles Page — Add the connection profile that will be used with the access policy Access Policy Page — Create the access policies to control privileged access to resources Create Sessions Privilege Secure is configured and ready to use: Create My Activity Session — Create a session to grant temporary privileges and gain access to the resources defined by the previously created access policy Browser Extension Interface — Conveniently access all of your previously created activities from within an internet browser What's New New Netwrix Community! All Netwrix product announcements have moved to the new Netwrix Community. See announcements for Netwrix Privilege Secure for Access Management in the Privilege Secure for Access Management area of our new community. The following information highlights the new and enhanced features introduced in this Netwrix release. Netwrix Secure Remote Access Release Netwrix Secure Remote Access is an advanced add-on component seamlessly integrated into the existing Netwrix Privilege Secure 4.2 release. This enhancement provides powerful new capabilities for organizations needing secure, streamlined remote access without altering the current release version. Key Features Simplified Deployment – Netwrix Secure Remote Access is designed for quick and easy implementation, requiring minimal changes to your existing infrastructure. VPN-Free Access – Replace traditional VPNs with identity-based access controls, reducing latency and boosting security Granular Access Management – Empower administrators to define precise access rules, ensuring compliance and limiting exposure to risks Just Enough Privilege (JEA) – Assign users only the permissions necessary for their s pecific tasks, revoking access as soon as the session concludes Just-In-Time Privilege – Introduce time-limited, session-based privileges to enhance security without compromising operational efficiency Modular Login Identities – Support managed accounts, ephemeral accounts, or personal user credentials to suit diverse access scenarios Comprehensive Auditing – Gain complete visibility into remote sessions with robust monitoring and logging capabilities Integrated Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA) – Strengthen remote access security by enforcing MFA for all users Additional Updates Performance Enhancements – Optimized for faster, more reliable operation. Improved Logging – Capture richer session details for better compliance and troubleshooting. Why Choose Netwrix Secure Remote Access? This add-on component is designed for organizations embracing hybrid or decentralized work environments. Whether you are managing employee access or coordinating with third-party vendors, Netwrix Secure Remote Access ensures secure, efficient, and policy-driven remote connections. General Availability Release Enhanced Security and Auditing New: Obscured Passwords in Replay Viewer Protect sensitive information during session replays, ensuring compliance with stricter security regulations. See the Replay Viewer Window topic for additional information. New: Proxy Auditing for SCP and SFTP Gain deeper visibility into privileged file transfer activities for a more comprehensive security posture. New: Granular AD Authentication Control Enable or disable "Other Login" (AD authentication) for more granular access control, minimizing potential security risks. See the Set Authentication as Default Login topic for additional information. Enhancement: Expanded SIEM Integration Leverage improved SIEM templates with additional variables for richer security data, enabling better threat detection and investigation. Streamlined Workflows and User Experience New: Customizable Login Formats Create login account templates with custom formats, streamlining user provisioning and access management. See the Activities Page and Login Account Templates topics for additional information. New: "Delete Permanently" Option Provides a clear confirmation step when removing resources, preventing accidental data loss. See the Remove Resource Window topic for additional information. New: Advanced Login Account Templates Expanded string manipulation functions and a name field increase to 20 characters o ffer greater flexibility in user provisioning. See the Login Account Templates topic for additional information. New: Optional Linux Software Scans Disable "Installed Software" functionality by default to optimize scans for specific use cases. New: Connect Account for Interactive App Launch Simplifies application launching by pre-configuring connection accounts. See the Activities Page topic for additional information. New: View Password on Set Password Allows users to confirm password entries during credential creation, reducing errors. See the Manage Internal Service Accounts topic for additional information. New: Customizable Connection Profiles Add custom input fields to connection profiles for improved data collection and organization. See the Connection Profiles Page topic for additional information. Enhancement: Improved Scheduler Visibility The "Statistics" tab now precedes the "Action Queues" tab in Service Nodes for easier workflow management. See the Scheduler Service topic for additional information. Additional Enhancements New: Out-of-the-box "Run AD Replication via PowerShell" Action Step Automates a common administrative task for improved efficiency. New: Credential Policy Overrides Enable credential groups to override platform-level credential schedules for more granular control over privileged credential life cycles. See the Credential Policy Overrides Page topic for additional information. Requirements This document describes the recommended configuration of the servers needed to install this product in a production environment. Depending on the size of the organization, it is recommended to review your environment and requirements with a support engineer prior to deployment to ensure all exceptions are covered. Architecture Overview The following servers are required for installation of the product: Netwrix Privilege Secure Application Server – This is where the Netwrix Privilege Secure v4.2) application is installed. Netwrix Privilege Secure Client – Privilege Secure is a web service that can be accessed locally or remotely through a supported browser. Netwrix Privilege Secure Proxy Server – This is for the supported RDP / SSH Client. Target Environment – The target environment includes platforms with privileged access to be managed by the application. See the following sections for additional information: Application Server Client Remote Service Node Target Environments Application Server The requirements for the (Privilege Secure) application server are: Windows Server 2016 R2 through Windows Server 2022 RECOMMENDED: Windows Server 2022, non-domain-joined for security US English language installation Table 1: Environment Extra Large Large Medium Small Number of Admins 500-1000 100-500 50-100 50 or less RAM 64 GB 32 GB 16 GB 16 GB Cores 8-16 6-8 4-6 4 Hardened / dedicated to Netwrix Privilege Secure (recommended) Controlled administrative access (recommended) 2.0 GHz or faster dual core 64-bit (x64) processor .NET Framework 4.7.2 installed (required for Windows Server 2012 R2 and Windows Server 2016 only) .NET Framework 4.7.2+ is included in the “Pre-Reqs” folder of the product zip fi le. Alternatively, download from the following link: https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download/thank-you/net472 Windows Management Framework 5.1 installed (required for Window Server 2012 R2 only) Windows Management Framework is included in the “Extras” folder of the product zip file. Alternatively, download from the following link: https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=54616 Properly functional domain-integrated DNS with ability to resolve all managed components both forwards and backwards Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA) token (Authenticator, DUO, Symantec VIP, etc.) RAM, CPU and Disk Space These are dependent upon the total number of administrators using Privilege Secure. Environment Extra Large Large Medium Small Number of Admins 500-1000 100-500 50-100 50 or less RAM 64 GB 32 GB 16 GB 16 GB Cores 8-16 6-8 4-6 4 Table 1: Environment Extra Large Large Medium Small C: drive 80 GB 80 GB 80 GB 80 GB Application drive 300 GB 200 GB 100 GB 100 GB Recording drive 500 GB 300 GB 200 GB 150 GB Environment Extra Large Large Medium Small C: drive 80 GB 80 GB 80 GB 80 GB Application drive 300 GB 200 GB 100 GB 100 GB Recording drive 500 GB 300 GB 200 GB 150 GB Permissions The following permission is required to install the application: Membership in the local Administrators group on the Privilege Secure server Active Directory Synchronization for Vault Connectors – The account used must have Domain Admin privileges Virtual Environment Recommendations While physical machines are always preferred, we fully support the use of virtual machines. This section contains special considerations when leveraging virtualization. VMWare® ESX® – If using ESX, the following specifications are recommended: ◦ ESX 4.0 / ESXi™ 4.1 or higher ◦ Virtual Hardware 7 or higher ◦ All Virtual Machines installed on the same datacenter / rack Virtual Storage Consideration ◦ In the server requirements, when separate disks are required for the servers, that should translate to separate data stores on the VM host machine. Client Privilege Secure is a web service which can be accessed locally or remotely if the server’s firewall permits it. The supported browsers for Privilege Secure are: Microsoft® Edge® Chromium Google® Chrome® 54.0 or later (Recommended) Apple® Safari® Mozilla® Firefox® NOTE: The browser compatibility mode must be turned off to access the Privilege Secure web service. Remote Service Node Privilege Secure supports a variety of RDP/SSH clients, including: PuTTY MobaXterm MS Remote Desktop Connection Manager MS Terminal Services Client (Remote Desktop) On all Privilege Secure servers, it is recommended to exclude the following directories from antivirus and endpoint protection software. Please note a drive letter is not specified in each path, as that can be customized during each Privilege Secure and service installation. \Program Files\Stealthbits\PAM\ActionService \Program Files\Stealthbits\PAM\ActionServiceWorker \Program Files\Stealthbits\PAM\DatabaseTools\Data \Program Files\Stealthbits\Postgres12\bin \ProgramData\Stealthbits\Postgres12 Exclusions for Remote Services: Action Service: \Program Files\Stealthbits\PAM\ActionService \Program Files\Stealthbits\PAM\ActionServiceWorker \Stealthbits\PAM\ProxyService\ Proxy Service: \Stealthbits\PAM\ProxyService\ Scheduler Service: \Stealthbits\PAM\SbPAM.SchedulerService\ \Stealthbits\PAM\ProxyService\ See the following topics for specific installation instructions for remote services: Proxy Service Install Action Service Install Scheduler Service Install Target Environments Netwrix Privilege Secure supports management of the following target environments: Microsoft® Active Directory® v5.1 Windows Desktop – Requires the winrm service to be running Cisco IOS Websites Microsoft SQL Server databases Oracle databases (container instances) Microsoft Entra ID (formerly Azure AD) Linux distributions with SSHv2 or higher that are under LTS Debian CentOS Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL) openSUSE Additional Supported Platforms (no local account management or pre-configured activity steps) Any device that supports a SSH Connection Any device / platform / web site that is AD / Microsoft Entra ID Authenticated Permissions The following permissions are required for the service accounts: For Active Directory and Windows member server/desktop management: Membership in the Domain Administrators group in the target domain(s) For Linux server management: Service account on each server to be managed or a central domain account in the case of AD-bridged hosts Permissions may either be root or delegated via sudo or other commercial least privilege solutions For standalone Windows Servers/desktops: Membership in the local Administrator group on each server/desktop to be managed For Cisco Level 15 Privileged EXEC — Full access to the device for configuration and management For Microsoft Entra ID management: Microsoft Graph API Application Permissions: Directory.ReadWrite.All Group.ReadWrite.All User.ReadWrite.All RoleManagement.ReadWrite.Directory Delegated Permissions: User.Read App Registration added to the User Administrators directory role For Oracle database management: SYSDBA privileges For Microsoft SQL Server database management: sysadmin privileges Ports Configure appropriate firewall rules to allow these connections to Privilege Secure. Dynamic Port Range In Windows Server 2008 and later versions, and in Windows Vista and later versions, the default dynamic port range changed to the following range: Start port: 49152 End port: 65535 Windows 2000, Windows XP, and Windows Server 2003 use the following dynamic port range: Start port: 1025 End port: 5000 See Microsoft's article Service overview and network port requirements for Windows for additional information. Application Server Firewall Rules The requirements for the (Privilege Secure) application server are: Make sure that you have configured the Antivirus exclusions according to the following Netwrix knowledge base article: SbPAM: Exclusions for Antivirus (AV) & Endpoint Software The following ports must be open for communication between Privilege Secure and Active Directory domain controllers: Table 1: Port Protocol Source Direction Target Purpose 135 TCP Privilege Secure server Domain Controller MS-RPC 389 636 TCP UDP Privilege Secure server Domain Controller LDAP/LDAPS 53 TCP UDP Privilege Secure server DNS Service DNS 137 138 UDP Privilege Secure server Domain Controller Net BIOS related 9389 TCP Privilege Secure server Domain Controller Active Directory Web Services Make sure that you have configured the A ntivirus exclusions according to the following Netwrix knowledge base article: SbPAM: Exclusions for Antivirus (AV) & Endpoint Software 88 UDP Privilege Secure server Domain Controller Kerberos Port Protocol Source Direction Target Purpose Privilege Secure Domain 135 TCP MS-RPC server Controller 389 TCP Privilege Secure Domain LDAP/LDAPS server Controller 636 UDP TCP Privilege Secure 53 DNS Service DNS server UDP Privilege Secure Domain UDP Net BIOS related server Controller Active Directory Web Services Make sure that you have configured the A ntivirus Privilege Secure Domain exclusions 9389 TCP server Controller according to the following Netwrix knowledge base article: SbPAM: Exclusions for Antivirus (AV) & Endpoint Software Privilege Secure Domain 88 UDP Kerberos server Controller Table 1: Administrators Concurrent Sessions Memory CPU Cores Disk (max) 450 150 16 GB 4 cores 21 GB per day 900 300 32 GB 8 cores 42 GB per day 1800 600 64 GB 16 cores 84 G per day Table 2: Port Protocol Source Direction Target Purpose 4422 TCP SSH Client SbPAM server SSH Proxy NOTE: Privilege Secure must be able to reach the following URLs via HTTPS (port 443) https://login.microsoftonline.com https://graph.microsoft.com Proxy Firewall Rules The following ports must be open for communication between the proxy and Privilege Secure. Proxy Server Sizing for Windows/Linux/Docker Concurrent Administrators Memory CPU Cores Disk (max) Sessions 450 150 16 GB 4 cores 21 GB per day 900 300 32 GB 8 cores 42 GB per day 1800 600 64 GB 16 cores 84 G per day Additional Considerations for SSH and RDP Clients The following ports must be open for communication between the Client and Privilege Secure: Port Protocol Source Direction Target Purpose 4422 TCP SSH Client SbPAM server SSH Proxy Table 1: Port Protocol Source Direction Target Purpose 4489 TCP RDP Client SbPAM server RDP Proxy Table 2: Port Protocol Source Direction Target Purpose 3389 TCP Privilege Secure server Windows Hosts RDP Proxy 5985 5986 TCP Privilege Secure server Windows Hosts PowerShell Remoting 5985 5986 TCP Privilege Secure server Windows Hosts Password Change via Powershell Remoting 22 TCP Privilege Secure server Linux Hosts SSH Proxy / Password change 6520 TCP Privilege Secure server Remote Proxy Register Proxy Service Port Protocol Source Direction Target Purpose 4489 TCP RDP Client SbPAM server RDP Proxy Target Environment Firewall Rules The following ports must be open for communication between Privilege Secure and the platform: Port Protocol Source Direction Target Purpose Privilege Secure 3389 TCP Windows Hosts RDP Proxy server Privilege Secure PowerShell TCP Windows Hosts server Remoting 5985 Password Change Privilege Secure TCP Windows Hosts via Powershell server 5986 Remoting Privilege Secure SSH Proxy / 22 TCP Linux Hosts server Password change Privilege Secure Register Proxy 6520 TCP Remote Proxy server Service Table 1: Port Protocol Source Direction Target Purpose 6500 TCP Privilege Secure server Remote A ction Service Register A ction Service 443 HTTPS (TCP) Privilege Secure Server Azure Azure Graph API Access 6523 TCP Privilege Secure Server Remote Proxy Leaf Nodes 6524 TCP Privilege Secure Server Remote Proxy Cluster Nodes Port Protocol Source Direction Target Purpose Privilege Secure Remote A ction Register A ction 6500 TCP server Service Service Privilege Azure Graph 443 HTTPS (TCP) Azure Secure Server API Access Privilege 6523 TCP Remote Proxy Leaf Nodes Secure Server Privilege 6524 TCP Remote Proxy Cluster Nodes Secure Server AWS Key Management Service AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) is a managed service that makes it easy for you to create and control the cryptographic keys that are used to protect your data. Organizations using AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) can configure Netwrix Privilege Secure to rotate security Keys. The KMS key is not used to encrypt the secret key, but will be used to encrypt the key that is used to encrypt the secret key. See the AWS Key Management Service article for additional information. When creating an AWS KMS protection key for Netwrix Privilege Secure, start by creating a policy in AWS. There will be multiple configuration steps needed within AWS. Create an AWS Policy Create a User Create a Managed Key Least Privilege Policy Create an AWS Policy Follow the steps to create a policy in AWS. Step 1 – Log into AWS. Step 2 – Navigate to the IAM page, and then the Policies page. Step 3 – Select Create Policy. Step 4 – On the Specify permissions page, navigate to the Select a service box and search for the ‘KMS’ service. Step 5 – Select the KMS option. Step 6 – Under the Write dropdown menu, locate and select the Decrypt permission checkbox. Step 7 – Under the Resources dropdown menu, select the Any in this account checkbox. NOTE: This can be limited to a specific key when the key has been created. Step 8 – Enter a name for the policy and a description (optional). Step 9 – Save the policy. The policy is created. Create a User Follow the steps to create a user in AWS. Step 1 – Navigate to the IAM page, and then the User page. Step 2 – Select Create User. Step 3 – On the Specify user details page, enter a user name. Optionally, select the Provide user access to the AWS Management Console checkbox. Step 4 – In the Permissions options section, select Attach policies directly in the Permission options. Step 5 – In the Permissions policies section, search for the NPS key policy you previously created and select the checkbox to the left of the policy. Click Next. Step 6 – On the Review and create window, review the policy configuration and click Create now. Step 7 – Once the user has been created, select the user and navigate to the Security credentials tab. Step 8 – Select Create access key. Step 9 – Once the creation window opens, select the Application running outside of AWS option. Step 10 – Set an optional description tag if required, and then select Create access key. Step 11 – Once the Key has been created, copy or download the Access key and Secret access key. These keys will be used by Privilege Secure to access the AWS KMS key encryption and decryption functionality. Step 12 – Click Done when finished. CAUTION: Do not delete the AWS user Access Key without rotating the NPS key first. The best practice for use of access keys is to rotate them regularly. Follow these steps when rotating access keys. Step 1 – Create a new access key. Step 2 – Rotate the NPS protect key to use the new access key. Step 3 – Delete old access key. Create a Managed Key Follow the steps to create a managed key in AWS. Step 1 – Navigate to the Key Management Service page. Step 2 – Select Customer Managed Keys. Step 3 – Select Create Key. Step 4 – For Key Type, Select Symmetric. For Key Usage, select Encrypt and decrypt. Click Next to continue. Step 5 – Add an Alias for the key. The Description and Tags are optional. Click Next to continue. Step 6 – Add a Key Administrator if required. NOTE: The NPS Key user created earlier does not require administrative permissions at this level. Step 7 – Select the checkbox for the Privilege Secure key user created earlier as a Key user. Click Next to continue. Step 8 – Review the key configuration and click Create Key to continue. Step 9 – Click the Copy button from the newly created key, and store the ARN from the details. The ARN will be used by Privilege Secure to identify the key used for encryption. Least Privilege Policy The IAM policy created earlier can now be edited to limit to only the required key. Follow the steps to create a least privilege policy. Step 1 – Navigate to the IAM Policies page and select the KMS policy created in earlier steps. Step 2 – Select the Permissions tab. Step 3 – Click the Edit button. Step 4 – Once the policy editor window opens, switch to the Visual display mode and expand the KMS item dropdown. Step 5 – Expand the Resources item and remove the selection from Any in this account checkbox. Step 6 – Click Add Arn to restrict access. Step 7 – Paste the copied ARN for the NPS key into the bottom box then Step 8 – Click Add ARNs. Step 9 – Review configuration and click Save changes to the NPS_KMS_Policy. The policy will now be limited to only the specified KMS key. The KMS is ready to be roated in Privilege Secure. See the AWS KMS Key Rotation topic for additional information. AWS KMS Key Rotation Organizations using AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) can configure Netwrix Privilege Secure to rotate security keys. When creating an AWS KMS protection key for Privilege Secure, configuration must start by creating a policy in AWS. Once a AWS policy is created, a connection to the AWS policy can be configured using Privilege Secure Rotate AWS Key tool. The AWS KMS key is not used to encrypt the secret key, but will be used to encrypt the key that is used to encrypt the secret key. Rotate AWS Key Follow the steps to rotate a AWS KMS Key. Step 1 – Locate the KeyTools folder in the installation directory. C:\Program Files\Stealthbits\PAM\KeyTools Step 2 – Run the SbPAM.RotateAwsKey executable to launch the Rotate AWS Key wizard. Step 3 – Enter the Access key and Secret key created for the AWS user assigned to the AWS KMS key into the AWS Connection settings fields. Step 4 – Enter the KMS key ARN into the KMS Key field. Step 5 – Select the appropriate AWS region from the dropdown list. Step 6 – When all fields are completed, click the Rotate button to update all encrypted values in the Privilege Secure system. The tool will take a few minutes to run (especially on larger systems) and the log window will show the results of the rotation. NOTE: If the AWS KMS key is rotated, there is no need to rotate the NPS key. Encrypted values will continue to be decrypted and any new encryption will use the updated AWS KMS key. If the AWS user Access Key is rotated it will be necessary to rotate the NPS key to update it to use the new Ids. Best practice for use of access keys is to rotate them regularly. Do not delete the AWS user Access Key without rotating the NPS key first. Step 1 – Create a new access key. Step 2 – Rotate the NPS protect key to use the new access key. Step 3 – Delete old access key. The KMS Key has been rotated. Installation These topics describes the installation and initial configuration process of Netwrix Privilege Secure. Prior to installing Privilege Secure, ensure that all installation requirements have been met. See the Requirements topic for additional information. Privilege Secure comes with a temporary 30-day license. Please contact the organization’s sales representative to purchase a license. System Architecture Netwrix Privilege Secure consists of a number of components that work together to manage and report on activity: Web Interface – Allows the user to access and configure the Privilege Secure Console, via the Web Service. Web Service – The central web service is responsible for database access and communication out to each service component i.e. licensing, email, action, and proxy. The web service communicates to components on TCP/6500 but can be configured to run on any port e.g. https port 443. Service Mesh – The service mesh connects remote services to the central Web Service. Each remote “leaf” node is configured as a mesh so traffic may be routed via the most efficient route back to the web service. The service mesh registers to the webservice on TCP/6520 and all subsequent communication is over TCP/6523 for Leaf nodes and TCP/ 6524 for cluster nodes. License Service – The Privilege Secure license service by default installs with a 30 day / 10 user license. When the license expires, only the built in Admin account can log into the product until a valid license is added; under these conditions, a red error is displayed on the main login page. The license service communicates with the central web service via TCP/6500 by default. Email Service – The email service connects Privilege Secure to an external SMTP server. It supports authenticated and unauthenticated connections as well as TLS. The email service communicates with the central web service via TCP/6500 by default. Scheduler Service – The scheduler service is responsible for setting up and maintaining any date/time-specific actions such as password changes and system scans etc. It is installed by default on the Privilege Secure server; remote nodes communicate back to the central web service via the Service Mesh SIEM Service – The SIEM service is responsible for processing events that enter the SIEM table, and forward onto a configured SIEM provider. It supports both on-prem and cloudbased services, and leverages a template configuration for portability; out of the box templates are available for CEF and LEEF. It is installed by default on the Privilege Secure server; remote nodes communicate back to the central web service via the Service Mesh. Action Service – Connects Privilege Secure to managed resources and runs actions d efined in the console on those resources, such as Active Directory synchronization, password changes and account orchestration. Many action services may be connected to the Privilege Secure web service via the Service Mesh. Outgoing connections will vary according to action. Proxy Service (Session Proxy) – The Privilege Secure proxy service connects users to resources via RDP and SSH protocols; the proxy is also responsible for storage of session recordings via its iolog component. Many proxies can be implemented for load balancing and redundancy and recording/storage functions can be enabled according to preference. The proxy may be implemented on Windows, Linux, or Docker Container. Incoming user connections from user desktops are over TCP/4489 (RDP) and TCP/4422 (SSH). Outgoing server connection are via TCP/3389 (RDP) and TCP/22 (SSH). For remote proxies, all communication back to the central webservice is via the service mesh. Remote Desktop Monitor Service – The Privilege Secure Remote Desktop Monitor service monitors the Windows event activity that occurs during an RDP session. It must be installed on the target host prior to the launching of an RDP session. The service listens for terminal services connections. When a session begins, the service attaches to the session when it identifies the channel used by the Privilege Secure Proxy service and sends the Windows events back to the application. It specifically monitors what windows are opened and what menus are selected during an RDP session. See the Install Remote Desktop Monitor Service on Target RDP Hosts topic for additional information. Single Privilege Secure Server Privilege Secure for Access Management can be installed on a single Windows server. Typically, this architecture is only used for Proof of Concepts or testing purposes. All components are installed on the application server. This scenario provides rapid start capability, and in most cases, installation and initial configuration can be completed in as little as 20 minutes. Privilege Secure Server with Remote Services The Proxy and Action services will consume resources according to load. Often it is necessary to install Proxy and Action Services on additional hosts for scalability, redundancy, or network segmentation. Adding these services to other hosts provides the option to disable these services on the application server. The user can contact the Web service over port 6500, illustrated with a blue arrow. They can also talk directly to the Proxy service, illustrated with a green arrow over port: RDP port is TCP 4489 SSH port is TCP 4422 The Proxy will talk to the managed resources over their native ports: RDP port is TCP 3389 SSH port is TCP 22 The Action service executes actions on manage resources and Active Directory using PowerShell remoting over: WinRM port TCP 5985 or 5986 SSH port 22 The Action service also needs to communicate with Active Directory on a variety of differe nt ports. See the Ports topic for additional information. The Service Mesh connects remote services to the central Web service. Each remote “leaf” node is configured as a mesh so traffic may be routed via the most efficient route back to the web service. The Service Mesh registers to the Web service on TCP 6520. All subsequent communication is over: Leaf nodes port TCP 6523 Cluster nodes Port TCP 6524 Active-Passive Database Deployment with PostgreSQL Database For high-availability, the application allows two identical servers to be configured such that at any one time, all components of all hosts are active for the purposes of load-balancing and redundancy, with a replicated database pair. When the Primary becomes unavailable, a highavailability configuration tool is used to manually instigate failover. All external components on operational resources continue to service requests. The Active-Passive configuration, which is only available with the PostgreSQL database, allows you to leverage the embedded database. It is also the simplest option for configuring highavailability. However, it does require the manual intervention to failover. Active-Active Database Deployment The Active-Active configuration for high-availability is available for both the PostgreSQL and SQL Server database options. No manual intervention is required. Many application servers can be added to the database for redundancy and scalability. However, setup is more complex than an Active-Passive configuration. Also, you will need an additional server for the database. Cloud-Native Database Deployment Cloud-native databases can be used for Active-Active configuration. They benefit from having built-in high-availability and auto-scaling. AWS supports databases for PostgreSQL (Aurora PostgreSQL) and SQL Server (RDS SQL Server). Azure also supports databases for PostgreSQL and SQL Server. Third-Party Vault Integration Often it is desirable to pull managed credentials from existing vaults into Privilege Secure activities. Benefits include: Faster deployment Consolidate multiple vendors into a single user interface Onboard credentials without having to change API references in applications Build on existing infrastructure LAPS Integration Microsoft Active Directory supports the changing of local Administrator passwords. The LAPS integration allows those passwords to be utilized for Privilege Secure activities. Benefits include: Leverage existing investment in local password management Faster deployment time Offboard password changing process to Active Directory Install Components & Methods The NPS.zip file that can be downloaded from the Netwrix Customer portal contains the following: NPS_Setup.exe – Opens the Netwrix Setup Launcher to install the Privilege Secure components: Prerequisites Setup – Checks for prerequisites. If any are missing it downloads and installs the missing components. PostgreSQL Setup – Installs the PostgreSQL database on the application server. CAUTION: The PostgreSQL database must be installed before installing the application. It can be installed separately or through the NETWRIX Setup Launcher. Privilege Secure Setup – Installs the application Pre-Reqs folder – Contains an application executable for installed the required version of .NET Framework. By default, this installer is run as part of the Netwrix Setup Launcher. The Extras folder – Contains additional standalone installers: Enablement Toolkit.exe – Installs a utility that offers a GUI for common testing scenarios used when troubleshooting the application. See the Troubleshooting topic for additional information. NPS.ActionService.exe – Installs the NPS Action Service nodes. By default, this service is installed on the application server. This executable can be copied to other servers to install the service. See the Action Service Install topic for additional information. NPS.DbCfg.msi – Installs NPS Windows database configuration NPS.exe – Installs the Privilege Secure application. By default, this installer is run as part of the Netwrix Setup Launcher. It installs the following components: NPS Action Service NPS Email Service NPS License Service NPS Proxy Service NPS Scheduler Service Web Service NOTE: Use this installer if you are not using the Netwrix Setup Launcher. Run the installer as an administrator and follow the Install Application instructions, starting with Step 2. NPS.HaMgr.exe – Installs the High Availability Management tool. If high availability setup is desired, please coordinate with Netwrix Support and consult the How to Configure High Availability (HA) Using SbPAM.HaMgr.exe (now NPS.HaMgr.exe) knowledge base article. NPS.ProxyService – Installs the NPS Proxy Service nodes. It is available as both an EXE and MSI format. By default, this service is installed on the application server. This executable can be copied to other servers to install the service. The MSI can be used with a software deployment tool. See the Proxy Service Install topic for additional information. NPS.SchedulerService.exe – Installs the NPS Scheduler Service nodes. By default, this service is installed on the application server. This executable can be copied to other servers to install the service. See the Scheduler Service Install topic for additional information. NPS.SiemService.exe – Installs the NPS SIEM Service nodes. This executable can be copied to other servers to install the service. See the SIEM Service Install topic for additional information. NPS.TSMon.exe – Installs the Netwrix Privilege Secure Remote Desktop Service. This service is used to monitor Windows events during an RDP session. See the Install Remote Desktop Monitor Service on Target RDP Hosts topic for additional information. SbPAMPowershellModules.msi – Installs the Netwrix Privilege Secure PowerShell modules. These modules allow for custom PowerShell scripting tasks to be run against the application API. NOTE: PowerShell 7.1 is a prerequisite to install these modules. sbpam-url.exe – Installs the sbpam-url URL handler. This will automatically launch SSH sessions from the browser in your preferred SSH client program. See the Invoking Desktop SSH Client Automatically Knowledge Base Article for additional information. SbPostgreSQL16.exe – Installs the PostgreSQL v16 database. By default, this installer is run as part of the Netwrix Setup Launcher. It installs the following components: postgresql-x64-16 service PostgreSQL directory and database NOTE: Use this installer if you are not using the Netwrix Setup Launcher. Run the installer as an administrator and follow the Install PostgreSQL Database instructions, starting with Step 2. RECOMMENDED: Antivirus software should be disabled during the component installation. The Netwrix Setup Launcher checks for prerequisites and installs both the database and application on the sames server. See the Netwrix Setup Launcher topic for instructions. If the desire is to install the database on a different server, use the appropriate EXE files from the Extras folder. The application also has a silent installation option. When installing by command line, the directory path is respected only when the installer is run in silent mode. See the Application Silent Installer Option topic for additional information. There is also a Browser Extension that can be installed for Privilege Secure users. See the Browser Extension App topic for additional information. Remember, Privilege Secure licensing is done according to user count. Any user who is provisioned access to Privilege Secure will consume a license after their first login. This is true for all users, regardless of role (Administrator, Reviewer, User, or Custom Role). See Import the License File topic for additional information. Netwrix Setup Launcher CAUTION: The PostgreSQL database must be installed before installing the application. It can be installed separately or through the NETWRIX Setup Launcher. Also note that the application will require a server reboot at the end of the installation. The Netwrix Setup Launcher checks for and installs missing prerequisites in addition to installing the database and application. RECOMMENDED: Antivirus software should be disabled on this computer during the installation. Right-click on the NPS_Setup.exe file and select Run as administrator. The Netwrix Setup Launcher will open. The launcher runs a prerequisites setup check. The green checkmark indicates the prerequisites have been met and you are ready to install the database. CAUTION: The Advanced checkbox provides the option to switch databases to Microsoft SQLServer. This is not a recommended configuration and requires additional support from NETWRIX . Install PostgreSQL Database RECOMMENDED: Antivirus software should be disabled on this computer during the installation. Follow the steps to install the PostgreSQL database. Step 1 – In the Netwrix Setup Launcher, click Install PostgreSQL 16. The PostgeSQL v16 Setup wizard opens. NOTE: If PostgreSQL v16 is already installed, a green checkmark is displayed to the left of the Install PostgreSQL 16 button and you can install the Privilege Secure application. Step 2 – On the Install page, click Install. Step 3 – On the End User License Agreement page, check the I accept the license agreement box and click Next. Remember, it is a best practice to read the agreement before accepting it. Step 4 – The default installation location for both the Install Folder and the Data Folder is: C:\Program Files\Stealthbits\Postgres16 To change the default location, click Browse and set a new location. When the location is set, click Next. NOTE: The installation process begins and the Setup wizard displays the its Progress. This may take a few moments. Step 5 – When installation is complete, click Exit. The Stealthbits PostgeSQL v16 Setup wizard closes. NOTE: A reboot may be required. The PostgreSQL database is successfully installed. It is time to install the application. Install Application RECOMMENDED: Antivirus software should be disabled on this computer during the installation. Follow the steps to install Privilege Secure application. Step 1 – If you are using the Netwrix Setup Launcher, it displays a green checkmark for the PostgreSQL Setup. Click Netwrix Privilege Secure Setup. NOTE: This window remains open in the background while the database is installed. Step 2 – On the End User License Agreement page, check the I agree to the license terms and conditions box and click Options. Remember, it is a best practice to read the agreement before accepting it. Step 3 – The default installation location for Install Folder is: C:\Program Files\Stealthbits\PAM To change the default location, click Browse and set a new location. When the location is set, click OK. Step 4 – You will return to the End User License Agreement page. Click Install. NOTE: The installation process begins and the wizard displays the its Progress. This may take a few moments. Step 5 – When installation is complete, click Close. The installer displays a message that it is applying permissions. The application will require a server reboot at the end of the installation. Once installation is complete, open and walk through the Netwrix Privilege Secure Setup Wizard. The Wizard can be accessed through the Netwrix Privilege Secure desktop icon or locally on the default port. See the First Launch topic for additional information. Application Silent Installer Option Follow the steps to install the Privilege Secure application from the command prompt. Step 1 – Copy the NPS.exe file to the desktop of the application server. Step 2 – Run the following command as an administrator: nps.exe /quiet To add a non-default installation directory, append the following to the command where the [Path] parameter is the desired installation directory location: nps.exe /quiet PRODUCTDIR="[Path]" For example: nps.exe /quiet PRODUCTDIR="D:\Stealthbits\PAM" The Privilege Secure application installs in the background to the specified folder location. First Launch Once the database and application are installed, the next step is to walk through the Setup Wizard. The Netwrix Setup Launcher can be closed, if it was used during installation. RECOMMENDED: The first user, your primary Administrator, will be setup through the wizard. It is recommended that you have a multi-factor authentication (MFA) solution (Authenticator, DUO, Symantec VIP, etc.) ready to setup for this account through the wizard. There are two methods for launching the Setup Wizard: Double-click the desktop icon. Your default browser opens to the Setup Wizard. Open a supported browser window and navigate to the following URL, which opens the Setup Wizard: https://localhost:6500 Setup Wizard You will need to following information for your environment to complete the wizard: Domain account and its password to be the primary application Administrator RECOMMENDED: Use a non-privileged account and use the application to access privileged accounts. Multi-factor authenticator (MFA) app on your phone to register this application Administrator account NOTE: This step can be skipped during the wizard, and an MFA can be added at a later time, but that is not recommended. Active Directory service account and its password NOTE: This service account must have membership in the Domain Admins group for the domain where the primary application Administrator account resides. Follow the steps to walk through the Setup Wizard. Step 1 – Launch the Setup Wizard. Step 2 – Click Let's get started. Step 3 – On the Step 1 page, you identify your primary application Administrator account. Enter the following information and then click Next: Domain – Enter the account's domain in domain.com format Username – Enter the account. The domain will auto-populate from the field above. Password – Enter the account's password. The eye icon can be used to view the entry. Step 4 – On the Step 2 page, you register your primary application Administrator account with an MFA provider. Scan the QR code or manually enter the provided key into the MFA phone app. The MFA will provide a verification code. Enter the verification code in the textbox. Click Next, while the code is still active. NOTE: MFA for this account can be done at a later time through the User details page. If that is desired, click Setup Later and skip to Step 6 of these instructions. The initial account will be set to Not Required MFA. See the User, Group, & Application Details Page topic for additional information. Step 5 – One-time recovery codes are provided for the registered authenticator. It is recommended to copy these codes with the Copy to clipboard link and save them in a secure location in case you lose your phone with the authenticator app. Click Next. Step 6 – On the Step 3 page, you identify the Active Directory service account with domain administrator privileges. Enter the following information and then click Next: Username – Enter the account. The domain will auto-populate from the Step 1 page. Password – Enter the account's password. The eye icon can be used to view the entry. NOTE: This service account will be used to run domain synchronization. If you do not have an account with domain administrator privileges ready when walking through the Setup Wizard, you can click the Exit Wizard link. See the Exit Wizard Early topic for additional information. Step 7 – On the Step 4 page, click Sync. The Active Directory domain synchronization begins and is tracked by the status bar. When synchronization is complete, the Step 5 page opens. NOTE: Problems with service registration may occur if accessing the wizard from a remote IP address. If this does occur during domain synchronization, you will be redirected to a dedicated error page, which allows you to ignore certificate errors during the initial configuration. Step 8 – On the Step 5 page, select the first resource to be onboarded. The Setup Wizard will create your first access policy to grant Domain Admin Access with an Activity Token to this resource. The selected resource displays a green checkmark at the beginning of the row. Click Add resource. NOTE: Available resources were discovered on the domain during the synchronization completed on the Step 3 page. You can use the Search resources box to filter the list. Step 9 – The Check resources window opens. The application is checking DNS resolution and WinRM requirements. If a test fails you can fix the configuration and click Retest. To cancel the test, click Close. When all tests are successful, the window and the Setup Wizard close automatically. When the Setup Wizard closes, you are redirected to the My Activities interfacing . The activity created by the Setup Wizard, Activity Token for Domain Admin Access, is displayed. Take a Product Tour of the console or onboard more users and resources. See the Getting Started topic for additional information. Exit Wizard Early It is possible to exit the Setup Wizard from Step 3, Step 4, and Step 5 pages. If you do that, then the Setup Wizard will not create the Activity Token for Domain Admin Access activity. You will need to complete the following to create your first access policy, depending on what page of the wizard you exited from: Exit From Step 3 Page – Domain Service Account Navigate to the domain details page and add a new service account. See the Domain Details Page topic for additional information. Complete the onboarding process misses on the Step 4 and Step 5 pages. Exit From Step 4 Page – Active Directory Sync Navigate to the domain details page and click Synchronize Now. See the Domain Details Page topic for additional information. Complete the onboarding process misses on the Step 4 and Step 5 pages. Exit From Step 5 Page – Onboard First Resource and Create Access Policy Navigate to the Resources page and add a new server. See the Add Resources Window topic for additional information. Navigate to the Access Policies page and create a new access policy. See the Add Access Policy topic for additional information. Log Into the Privilege Secure Console Once installation is complete, Privilege Secure is accessible locally on the default port: https://localhost:6500 Since Privilege Secure is a browser-based application, it is possible to access the web interface remotely. In most environments, enter the URL for the host on which Privilege Secure is installed into a supported browser address bar. For example, if Privilege Secure is installed on server ExampleServer01, then the address is: https://ExampleServer01:6500 NOTE: This is the default port. If a custom port is configured, the address to the Privilege Secure Console is: https://ExampleServer01:[PortNumber] Depending on the organization’s network environment, use the NetBIOS name, fully q ualified domain name (FQDN), or IP Address of the server in the browser. Also, access can be restricted through firewalls. Users can still log in with an expired license. If a license is expired, and the login attempt does not exceed the license count, users will still be able to log in. If a license is expired, and the login attempt does exceed the license count, Privilege Secure will prevent the login. CAUTION: If your license is expired, and you can still log in, you will not be able to create activity sessions or new users. Follow the steps to log in to the Privilege Secure Console. Step 1 – Open Privilege Secure in a browser window. The Login screen will show the Authentication Connector that is set as the default. NOTE: Privilege Secure requires a multi-factor authentication (MFA) solution (Authenticator, DUO, Symantec VIP, etc) for all user accounts unless otherwise configured in the Initial Set Up Wizard. If required, first time users must register with an MFA to use with their login credentials. Step 2 – Either click the default authentication connector button, or click Log In with a Different Account to display all of the authentication connectors that are registered with Privilege Secure. Step 3 – Login to the Privilege Secure Console with a configured authentication connector, or enter the user credentials. Step 4 – Click Login to proceed. Step 5 – Enter the code provided by the registered multi-factor authenticator (MFA). Step 6 – Click MFA Login. The Privilege Secure Console opens on the Dashboard Interface. NOTE: After five incorrect login attempts, the user will be locked out of the account for fi ve minutes. Additional incorrect login attempts will extend this time by five minutes for each failed login. See the User, Group, & Application Details Page topic for additional information on how to unlock an account. The Privilege Secure Console is ready to use. Note that the option to view the recovery codes is no longer available after the initial login. From here, create Sessions and Access Policies, manage Users and Resources, and review usage data. Proxy Service Install Logging directly onto managed systems from desktops leaves artifacts that can be compromised and requires ports to be opened into secure networks. A critical element of the Privilege Secure solution is the proxy, which is able to broker the connection between security zones. The application includes an advanced session proxy service for automatic connection to privileged sessions. The NPS Proxy Service is installed on the proxy server as part of Privilege Secure install. It must also be installed on any server running services for the application, specifically the NPS Action Service, the NPS Scheduler Service, and NPS SIEM Service. This provides the option to run sessions defined in the application from different locations within your organization. The NPS Proxy Service installer is in the Extras folder of the ZIP file downloaded from the Netwrix Customer portal. See the Install Components & Methods topic for additional information. Follow the steps to install the NPS Proxy Service on another server that will run services for the application. Remember, You must configure the Antivirus exclusions according to the Exclusions for Antivirus (AV) & Endpoint Software knowledge base article. Step 1 – Copy the NPS.ProxyService.exe file to the desktop of the remote server. Step 2 – Right-click on the installer and select Run as administrator. The Netwrix Privilege Secure Proxy Service Setup wizard opens. Step 3 – On the End User License Agreement page, check the I agree to the license terms and conditions box and click Options. Remember, it is a best practice to read the agreement before accepting it. Step 4 – The default installation location for Install Folder is: C:\Program Files\Netwrix\Netwrix Privilege Secure Proxy Service To change the default location, click Browse and set a new location. When the location is set, click OK. Step 5 – You will return to the End User License Agreement page. Click Install. NOTE: The installation process begins and the wizard displays the its Progress. This may take a few moments. Step 6 – When installation is complete, click Close. The NPS Proxy Service is now installed on a remote server. You can verify that it is started and set to run automatically in the Services app (services.msc). Register the Remote NPS Proxy Service When the NPS Proxy Service is installed on a remote machine, it must be registered with the proxy server. Example Values When referring to the NPS Application server, we will use the following example values in our configuration. Replace these values with values that are specific for your environment. NPS Application Server DNS FQDN: nps-app.example.com IP Address: 192.168.99.1 NPS Remote Proxy Server DNS FQDN: nps-remote.example.com IP Address: 192.168.99.2 NPS Application Server Follow the steps to register the NPS Proxy Service. NOTE: All commands are executed on the NPS Application Server as administrator. Step 1 – Validate the existence of the sbpam_node.json file in the installation directory of both servers. The default location is: C:\ProgramData\Stealthbits\PAM\ProxyService NOTE: If you are going to use the DNS FQDN to connect from your remote server, you will need to make sure that the FQDN is listed in the sbpam_node.json file. Step 2 – Open the JSON file as an administrator (via administrator command prompt) on both servers. The JSON file can be located at C:\ProgramData\Stealthbits\PAM\ProxyService\sbpam_node.json CAUTION: If this is not the first remote service, do not change the name of your NPS Application Server. If you do, you will need to re-register all the remote proxy servers. Step 3 – Ensure that the "advertise" value of the JSON file on each server has the NPS Proxy Server information, if changes are made, ensure they are saved: { "advertise": ["[ Server FQDN]","[ Server IP Address]"], "tag": [ ]} For example: { "advertise": ["newyorksrv10.nwxtech.com","192.168.13.172"], "tag ": []} NOTE: This file references the IP, FQDN, and hostname of the server you are on, not all servers. Step 4 – If edits were made, remove the sbpam-node.crt file from the following location on both servers using the command below as an administrator: del C:\ProgramData\Stealthbits\PAM\tls\certs\sbpam-node.crt NOTE: If you are adding the proxy to an existing mesh, only delete the sbpam-node.crt fi le on the new proxy service server. Step 5 – On the NPS Application Server, run the following command: "C:\Program Files\Stealthbits\PAM\ProxyService\sbpam-proxy.exe" register ca-hash Step 6 – Copy the returned hash value and save it for later, you will need this value when you register your remote service.. Remote NPS Proxy Server Follow the steps to register the Remote NPS Proxy Service. NOTE: All commands are executed on the Remote NPS Proxy Server as an administrator. Step 1 – Validate the existence of the sbpam_node.json file in the installation directory. The default location is C:\ProgramData\Stealthbits\PAM\ProxyService. Step 2 – Open the JSON file as an administrator (via administrator command prompt) on both servers. Step 3 – (Optional) This step is only necessary if FQDN is required for DNS, otherwise do not change and move to step four. Ensure that the "advertise" value of the JSON file on the remote server has remote proxy server information: { "advertise": ["nsp-remote-proxy.example.com","192.168.99.2"], "t ag": []} Step 4 – Remove the sbpam-node.crt file on the remote proxy server using the command below. del C:\ProgramData\Stealthbits\PAM\tls\certs\sbpam-node.crt Step 5 – On the remote proxy server, run the following command from an elevated command prompt: "C:\Program Files\Stealthbits\PAM\ProxyService\sbpam-proxy.exe" register s [NPS Application Server IP Address] -u [Privilege Secure Admin Accou nt in NT-Style format] -H [Value copied in Step 6 from above ] For example: "C:\Program Files\Stealthbits\PAM\ProxyService\sbpam-proxy.exe" register s 192.168.99.1 -u nwxtech\ad.john.smith -H eb367841c099c0338cee72ed572 c7b5539f68fa215f7598c0ef5dcc067ee729c The Privilege Secure Proxy Service is now registered with the Privilege Secure application. SSH for Legacy Cisco Device If the Cisco device is running with insecure ciphers when the user attempts to connect to an SSH session, the following error message is displayed: ssh: handshake failed: ssh: no common algorithm for key exchange; client offered: [curve25519-sha256@libssh.org ecdh-sha2-nistp256 ecdh-sha2nistp384 ecdh-sha2-nistp521 diffie-hellman-group14-sha1], server offered: [diffie-hellman-group1-sha1] Ideally the Cisco device should be upgraded to support secure ciphers. If this is not possible, it is necessary to add additional ciphers to machines with older (insecure) ciphers that need to be managed with SSH. You can “opt-in” by configuring the cipher suites used by the NPS Proxy Service. Follow the steps to add Cipher information to the NPS Proxy Service. Step 1 – Open a command prompt as an Administrator. Step 2 – Change the directory path to the ProxyService folder in the NPS Proxy Service installation directory. The default path is: C:\Program Files\Netwrix\Netwrix Privilege Secure Proxy Service\ProxyService Step 3 – Run the following command to automatically generate the "sbpam_ssh" file: .\sbpam-proxy.exe cfg -c sbpam_ssh Step 4 – Browse to the location of the newly created file in "ProgramData". The default path is: C:\ProgramData\Stealthbits\PAM\ProxyService Step 5 – Copy and paste the following into the "nps_ssh.json" file. { "listenaddress": "0.0.0.0:4422", "ClientSettings": { "Alg orithms": { "KeyExchanges": [ "curve25519-sha2 56@libssh.org", "ecdh-sha2-nistp256", "ecd h-sha2-nistp384", "ecdh-sha2-nistp521", "d iffie-hellman-group14-sha1", "diffie-hellman-group1-sha1" ], "Ciphers": [ "aes128-gcm@openssh. com", "chacha20-poly1305@openssh.com", "ae s128-ctr", "aes192-ctr", "aes256-ctr", "aes128-cbc", "3des-cbc", "aes 192-cbc", "aes256-cbc" ] } }} This will add the additional Key Exchange diffie-hellman-group1-sha1 and the additional Ciphers aes128-cbc, 3des-cbc, aes192-cbc, aes256-cbc, required to make old Cisco Machines work with remote login. Action Service Install The NPS Action Service is installed on the application server as part of Privilege Secure install. It can also be installed on additional servers. This provides the option to run actions from different locations within an organization. The NPS Proxy Service installer is in the Extras folder of the ZIP file downloaded from the Netwrix Customer portal. See the Install Components & Methods topic for additional information. NOTE: Before you begin, the NPS Proxy Service must be registered with a corresponding application server on the server you will be installing the Action Service prior to installation. The Proxy Service is installed as part of the Action Service installation package. See the Proxy Service Install topic for installation instructions. Follow the steps to install the NPS Action Service on another server. Remember, You must configure the Antivirus exclusions according to the Exclusions for Antivirus (AV) & Endpoint Software knowledge base article. Step 1 – Make sure that you have configured the Antivirus exclusions according to the following Netwrix knowledge base article: Exclusions for Antivirus (AV) & Endpoint Software Step 2 – Move the NPS.ActionService.exe installation package to the desktop of the remote server. Step 3 – Open the NPS.ActionService.exe and the Netwrix Privilege Secure Action Service Setup wizard will open. Step 4 – To install the Action Service in an alternate location, click Options. Step 5 – Enter the destination folder for installation and click OK. Step 6 – Read the End User License Agreement and check the I accept the terms in the License Agreement checkbox. Step 7 – Click Install to begin the installation. The setup wizard displays the installation progress. Step 8 – When the installation is complete, click Close to exit the installer. The Privilege Secure Action Service is now installed on a remote server. Register the Remote Action Service with Privilege Secure If the Action Service is installed on a remote machine, it must be configured to register with the Privilege Secure server. This configuration is done by supplying the Privilege Secure server and credentials in a command line utility. Follow the steps to configure the key exchange. Step 1 – On the application server, run cmd as Administrator. Step 2 – Type the following commands to export the encryption keys for the secondary: Copy Encryption Key Export cd C:\Program Files\Stealthbits\PAM\KeyTools.\SbPAM.RotateKey.exe export n keys.exp Step 3 – Take note of the password for the export file. CAUTION: This temporary password protects the NPS-AM encryption keys during copying. Do not save it to digital media or transmit it with the encryption key package. Step 4 – Copy the export file to "C:\Program Files\Stealthbits\PAM\KeyTools" on the secondary server. Step 5 – On the (Action/Scheduler/Siem) service server, run cmd as Administrator. Step 6 – Type the following commands to import the encryption keys: Copy Encryption Key Import cd C:\Program Files\Stealthbits\PAM\KeyTools.\SbPAM.RotateKey.exe import n keys.exp Step 7 – Enter the password when prompted. Step 8 – Delete the export file from both the primary and secondary servers. The key exchange is now configured. Follow the steps to configure the Action Service. Step 1 – Open a command prompt as an administrator. Step 2 – Change the directory path to the location of the Privilege Secure Action Service. The default path is: C:\Program Files\Stealthbits\PAM\ActionService\ Step 3 – Run the following command to automatically register the action service. Enter the Admin password when prompted: The [PrivilegeSecureServer] parameter is the Host Name, IP, FQDN or URL The default [Port] parameter is 6500 The [admin] should be an NPS administrator in "DOMAIN\username" format ActionService.exe –register -u admin [PrivilegeSecureServer:Port] For installations without a trusted https certificate on the Privilege Secure server, the “-I” parameter must be added: ActionService.exe –register -u admin -I [PrivilegeSecureServer:Port] The command prompt will show if the configuration was successful. Step 4 – Exit the command prompt. The remote Action Service is now registered with Privilege Secure. Scheduler Service Install The Scheduler Service is installed with Privilege Secure and can also be installed remotely on other servers. This provides the option to run scheduled tasks defined in the console from different locations within an organization. The Scheduler Service installer is in the zip file with the Privilege Secure Console installer. It is also available for download from the Stealthbits website if required. NOTE: Before you begin, the Proxy Service must be installed on any server running services for Privilege Secure. See the Proxy Service Install topic for installation instructions. Follow the steps to install the Scheduler Service. Step 1 – Make sure that you have configured the Antivirus exclusions according to the following Netwrix knowledge base article: Exclusions for Antivirus (AV) & Endpoint Software Step 2 – Move the NPS.SchedulerService.exe installation package to the desktop of the remote server. Step 3 – Open the NPS.SchedulerService.exe and thePrivilege Secure Scheduler Service Setup wizard will open. Step 4 – To install the Scheduler Service in an alternate location, click Options. Step 5 – Enter the destination folder for installation and click OK. Step 6 – Read the End User License Agreement and check the I accept the terms in the License Agreement checkbox. Step 7 – Click Install to begin the installation. The setup wizard displays the installation progress. Step 8 – When the installation is complete, click Close to exit the installer. The Privilege Secure Scheduler Service is now installed on a remote server. Register the Remote Scheduler Service with Privilege Secure If the Scheduler Service is installed on a remote machine, it must be configured to register with the Privilege Secure server. This configuration is done by supplying the Privilege Secure server and credentials in a command line utility. Both the key exchange and action service need to be configured. Follow the steps to configure the key exchange. Step 1 – On the application server, run cmd as Administrator. Step 2 – Type the following commands to export the encryption keys for the secondary: Copy Encryption Key Export cd C:\Program Files\Stealthbits\PAM\KeyTools.\SbPAM.RotateKey.exe export n keys.exp Step 3 – Take note of the password for the export file. CAUTION: This temporary password protects the NPS-AM encryption keys during copying. Do not save it to digital media or transmit it with the encryption key package. Step 4 – Copy the export file to "C:\Program Files\Stealthbits\PAM\KeyTools" on the secondary server. Step 5 – On the (Action/Scheduler/Siem) service server, run cmd as Administrator. Step 6 – Type the following commands to import the encryption keys: Copy Encryption Key Import cd C:\Program Files\Stealthbits\PAM\KeyTools.\SbPAM.RotateKey.exe import n keys.exp Step 7 – Enter the password when prompted. Step 8 – Delete the export file from both the primary and secondary servers. The key exchange is now configured. Follow the steps to configure the Action Service. Step 1 – Open a command prompt as an administrator. Step 2 – Change the directory path to the location of the Privilege Secure Action Service. The default path is: C:\Program Files\Stealthbits\PAM\NPS.SchedulerService\ Step 3 – Run the following command to automatically register the scheduler service. Enter the Admin password when prompted: The [Privilege Secure] parameter is the Host Name, IP, FQDN or URL The default [Port] parameter is 6500 NPS.SchedulerService.exe –register -u admin [PrivilegeSecureServer:Port] For installations without a trusted https certificate on the Privilege Secure server, the “-I” parameter must be added: NPS.SchedulerService.exe –register -u admin -I [PrivilegeSecureServer:Port] The command prompt will show if the configuration was successful. Step 4 – Exit the command prompt. The remote Scheduler Service is now registered with Privilege Secure. Install Remote Desktop Monitor Service on Target RDP Hosts The Netwrix Privilege Secure Remote Desktop Monitor service needs to be installed on the target host that users will establish RDP connections to via an Access Policy session. Run the NPS.TSMon.exe on the target host to install and enable this service. The EXE file is located in the Extras folder of the Privilege Secure installation download ZIP file. The Windows event activity that occurs during an RDP session is then displayed and is searchable within the Live Session Viewer Window and the Replay Viewer Window with keystroke details, which are monitored and recorded without this service. Follow the steps to install the Remote Desktop Monitor service. Step 1 – Copy the NPS.TSMon.exe file to the target host. Remember, this file is in the Extras folder of the Privilege Secure installation download extracted ZIP file. Step 2 – Run the EXE file. The Netwrix Privilege Secure Terminal Services Monitor Setup window opens. Step 3 – Check the I agree to the license terms and conditions box. Remember, it is a best practice to read the terms before agreeing to them. Step 4 – Click Install. Step 5 – When the installation has completed successfully, click Close. The Netwrix Privilege Secure Terminal Services Monitor Setup window closes. Step 6 – Open Services (services.msc) to verify the Netwrix Privilege Secure Remote Desktop Monitor service is installed and enabled with Automatic Startup Type and Log On As Local System. The service is now listening for terminal services connections. NOTE: It is necessary for the Record Proxy Sessions option to be enabled on the connection profile for the associated access policy. See the Connection Profiles Page topic for additional information. Upgrade Procedure This chapter describes the basic steps needed to upgrade Netwrix Privilege Secure. NOTE: As part of the upgrade process, the Privilege Secure installer will complete a mandatory encryption key rotation. Customers who are running Privilege Secure in high-availability mode or use distributed Action Service or Proxy components should refer to the Upgrading to Privilege Secure (fomerly SbPAM) 3.6 or Higher - High Availability and Remote Services Configurations knowledge base article before beginning an upgrade. Considerations It is not necessary to uninstall the previous version of Privilege Secure. The new version can be installed directly over the previous version. Canceling, exiting, or otherwise halting the installer during an upgrade may result in irreparable damage to the Privilege Secure database and loss of data. If your server has PostgreSQL 10 installed from a previous version of Privilege Secure, contact Netwrix Support before proceeding with your upgrade. There are two installation paths to support either PostgreSQL server or Microsoft SQL server databases. PostgreSQL — If you are upgrading and want to continue using PostgreSQL, follow the standard upgrade procedure. Microsoft SQL — The Advanced checkbox provides the option to switch the database to Microsoft SQL Server. CAUTION: This is an advanced configuration and requires additional support from NETWRIX . Upgrade Procedure Follow the steps to upgrade Netwrix Privilege Secure from an existing version. NOTE: Prior to upgrading Privilege Secure, the installer will scan for the current version PostgreSQL and prompt you to upgrade if needed. CAUTION: During an upgrade, the process updates both the application and the database. This process can take a significant amount of time, depending on the volume of data stored in the database. Canceling, exiting, or otherwise halting the installer during this step may result in irreparable damage to the PRIVILEGE SECURE database and loss of data. Step 1 – Install the new version of Privilege Secure by running the NPS_Setup.exe as an administrator. NOTE: A server restart will be required after the installer in complete. A notification in the installer will display after the upgrade procedure is complete. Step 2 – Clear the browser cache after the upgrade procedure. This helps to prevent c onflicts when logging in to the new version of Privilege Secure. Step 3 – Open the Privilege Secure Console and log in. The latest version of Privilege Secure is now installed. Administration Netwrix Privilege Secure enables administrators and helpdesk professionals to perform their day-to-day activities easily and without the complexity of traditional Privileged Access Management (PAM) tools. As a next generation Privileged Access Management solution, Privilege Secure focuses on controlling the activity that needs to be performed rather than mapping access to an account. The result is a reduced attack surface that drastically improves an organization’s overall security posture. Privilege Secure has been designed from the ground up to be simple to deploy, easy to administer and contains many out of the box activities to help organizations be productive within hours. The product provides the following benefits: Activity-based sessions for any administrative function including Active Directory / Exchange management, server administration, database and application management. Zero Trust security architecture to ensure that all privileged access is always authenticated. Just in time permissions ensures that the user is granted specific rights to perform the activity at the time it is required, and only until the activity is complete. Delegated permissions for granular task-specific applications or full administrative access. Supports interactive sessions to server desktop/CLI, auto-application launch and privileged task automation. The purpose of this guide is to provide Netwrix Privilege Secure users with the information needed to navigate and use the Privilege Secure Console. Session Timeout For security reasons, the Privilege Secure Console automatically logs out the user after 10 minutes of inactivity. A Session Timeout warning message displays after 5 minutes. If the timeout message displays, click Stay Logged In to continue using the console.See the Global Settings Page topic for additional information on changing the UI idle timeout settings. Navigation At the top of the Privilege Secure Console lists available in interfaces and provides access to the Help link and the User Menu: Interfaces: Access — Grants access to the My Activities page. Activities are be displayed as individual cards, organized alphabetically or by Access Policy. See the Access > My Activities Page topic for additional. information. Dashboard — View summaries of recent activity logs and user sessions. See the Dashboard Interface topic for additional information. Policy — Contains several pages to create and configure policies to enable access, to onboard and manage users, groups, resources, and credentials, and to create and configure activities. See the Policy Interface topic for additional information. Configuration — Contains several pages to configure and manage authentication, integration connectors, service accounts, services, and other settings. See the Configuration Interface topic for additional information. Audit & Reporting Interface — Audit user access entitlement (Access C ertification) and view activity statistics and reports. See the Audit & Reporting Interface topic for additional information. Help — Opens the Netwrix Privilege Secure documentation in the in another browser tab Table 1: Icon Interface My Activities Dashboard Policy User Menu — Click to open the drop-down menu: Dark Mode — Toggle “Dark Mode” for the console. Hover over the toggle switch to see a preview of Dark Mode. Product Tour — Re-starts walk-through of Privilege Secure features. See the Product Tour topic for additional information. Settings — Opens the settings page to allow the user to register services Logout — Signs the user out of the current session and opens the Login screen About — Shows version and license information for the console. See the Import the License File topic for additional information. On the left side of the console is a Navigation pane where the pages for the selected interface display. Use the Menu button to the left of the logo to collapse / expand the Navigation pane. Console Icons The Privilege Secure Console makes it easy to gather detailed information at a glance. The following tables show the main icons: Interface Icons Icon Interface My Activities Dashboard Policy Table 1: Icon Interface Users & Groups Resources Credentials Activities Configuration Service Nodes Audit and Reporting Icon Interface Users & Groups Resources Credentials Activities Configuration Service Nodes Audit and Reporting Table 1: Icon Session Data Active Sessions Scheduled Sessions Approvals Historical Sessions User Activity Resources Credentials Dashboard Icons Icon Session Data Active Sessions Scheduled Sessions Approvals Historical Sessions User Activity Resources Credentials Table 1: Icon Object User Group Application Collection Custom Role Computer / Resource Domain Active Directory Icons Icon Object User Group Application Collection Custom Role Computer / Resource Domain Table 1: Icon Object Website Azure AD Secret Vault Cisco Windows Table 2: Icon Action Add Icon Object Website Azure AD Secret Vault Cisco Windows Action Icons Icon Action Add Table 1: Icon Action Edit Delete Save Cancel Copy Search Icon Action Edit Delete Save Cancel Copy Search Table 1: Icon Information Complete / Information Warning Failed / Error Active Sessions Scheduled Sessions Information Icons Icon Information Complete / Information Warning Failed / Error Active Sessions Scheduled Sessions Hover over an icon anywhere within the console for its description. Product Tour New users now experience a product tour on first login. Standard users and users with the Privilege Secure administrator role are walked through features that are relevant to their role. At any time, the tour can be stopped by clicking the X icon at the top-right of the Console. By default, the tour will not display on next login unless the Do not display again checkbox is unchecked. The product tour may be re-started at any time via the user menu. See the Navigation topic for additional information. About Page The About page is accessed by selecting About from the User Options menu (icon beside the logged in user name). It displays your license information and details about the third party components used by the application. It also allows you to upload a new license file. See the Import the License File topic for additional information. License Information At the top of the About page, the following license information is displayed: Version – Displays the version number of the installed application License Type – Displays the type of license you own License Expires – Displays the expiration date for trial and subscription licenses. This fi eld is moved to the box below Customer Info for the Full license type. Active Licenses – Number of licenses Customer Info – Name of the licensed customer Licenses Applied – Number of licenses in use NOTE: Licensing is done according to user count. Any user who has provisioned access will consume a license after their first login. This is true for all users, regardless of role. Click the arrow icon beside the Customer Info information to view additional customer details: Address – Displays the Customer address in Address 1, Address 2, City, State Province, Country, and Postal Code fields Phone – Displays the Customer primary phone number Fax –Displays the Customer primary fax number Email – Displays the Customer primary contact email address Full Name – Displays the Customer primary contact name Third Party Components Click About third party components to open the About third party components window. This window displays detailed information about all third party components used by the application. Import the License File Netwrix Privilege Secure comes with a temporary 30-day trial license. a banner at the top indicates the expiration date of a license about to expire. However, you can import your license file on the About page (User Options > About). An expired license does not necessarily prevent users from logging in. If a license is expired, and the login attempt does not exceed the license count, users will still be able to log in. If a license is expired, and the login attempt does exceed the license count, Privilege Secure will prevent the login. Licensing is done according to user count. Any user who has provisioned access will consume a license after their first login. This is true for all users, regardless of role. CAUTION: If your license is expired, and you can still log in, you will not be able to create activity sessions or add new users. Follow the steps to import the license key file. Step 1 – Login to the Privilege Secure console as an administrator. Step 2 – Click the User icon in the upper-right corner beside your login name to open the User Options menu. Step 3 – Select About. The About page opens. Step 4 – In the Upload License File section, click Import License. Step 5 – Navigate to the license file and click Open to import the license. A message indicates the license file uploaded successfully. The license information displays at the top of the page, and the expiration banner disappears from the top. See the About Page topic for additional details available on this page. Access > My Activities Page The Access > My Activities page displays activities mapped to the user as individual cards, organized alphabetically or by Access Policy. To access the My Activities page, open the Access interface. If there is only a single activity card present on this page that activity will open automatically. Activities may be sorted in alphabetical order (the default) or organized into groups according to Access Policy. Duplicate activities will be automatically grouped into a single card on this interface. In the modal for provisioning the session, the user can still select from the multiple Access Policies that are duplicating their access to the activity. An Activity may appear in more than one Access Policy group if the Activity is a member of more than one Access Policy. When sorted by Access Policy, the list of resources displayed is determined by the resource list of the Access Policy. To create an Activity Session, click the plus button to begin. See the Create My Activity Session topic for additional information. Create My Activity Session Follow the steps to create an activity session. Step 1 – Select an Activity to expand the session ribbon. Step 2 – Click Create Session to start a new activity session. If an Activity is assigned to a single resource, the Activity card will display the name of the resource; selecting Create Session from the session ribbon will immediately start the Activity. If the Activity is assigned to more than one resource, the Activity card will display the number of resources; selecting Create Session from the session ribbon will open the Configure Session window. CAUTION: If your license is expired and you can still log in, you will not be able to create activity sessions. Step 3 – Enter the following information: If the Activity is a member of more than one Access Policy, the Access Policy field will change to a drop-down selection. Based the resources assigned to the selected access policy, the list of resources will change in the table. Enter notes or a ticket number in the applicable field (Set whether notes or ticket numbers should be optional or mandatory for the session in the related Connection Profile) Select the resources required for the Activity session. Use the Search field to filter the resource list. Click Start Session to start the provisioning process. NOTE: If an approval is required, the Waiting for approval message will display until it has been granted. Step 4 – When provisioned, an activity session will display an Available status with a green icon. Click Available to launch the session. The contextual menu (…) to the top right of the active session card contains options to stop an active session and to copy/view the login account password, if enabled in the related Connection Profile. All sessions may be managed via the Dashboard interface, and the My Activities interface interchangeably. Provisioning and active sessions are displayed in the session ribbon, newest sessions to the left. Dashboard Interface The Dashboard interface displays an overview of activity sessions, users, resources and related information. The overview section shows information for the following: Active Dashboard – Shows all currently active sessions. See the Active Dashboard topic for additional information. Scheduled Dashboard – Shows all scheduled sessions. See the Scheduled Dashboard topic for additional information. Approvals Dashboard – Shows sessions waiting for approval. See the Approvals Dashboard topic for additional information. Historical Dashboard – Shows previous sessions. See the Historical Dashboard topic for additional information. Users Dashboard – Shows the users added to Privilege Secure. See the Users Dashboard topic for additional information. Resources Dashboard – Shows resources added to Privilege Secure. See the Resources Dashboard topic for additional information. Credentials Dashboard – Shows access activity by resource. See the Credentials Dashboard topic for additional information. Active Dashboard The Active sessions dashboard shows all currently active sessions. Create an Activity Session to grant temporary privileges and gain access to the resources defined by a previously created Access Policy. See the Access Policy Page topic for additional information. The dashboard has the following features: Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. Filter — Provides options to filter results based on a chosen criterion: All Active tab — Shows all sessions for all users Mine tab — Shows sessions for the logged in user Recording data — Filter by keystroke data and, when enabled, RDP Windows event activity. See the Install Remote Desktop Monitor Service on Target RDP Hosts topic for additional information. Create Session — Open the Activity Request window. See the Create Activity Session topic for additional information. End Session — Cancel the selected session(s) View Logs — Opens the Session Logs window to view the action log for the selected session. See the Session Logs Window topic for additional information. Lock Activity — Opens the Lock Session window to prevent the user from interacting with the host but keeps the session active. See the Lock Session topic for additional information. Unlock Activity — Unlocks a session to allow the user to interact with the host Refresh — Reload the information displayed The table has the following columns: Checkbox — Check to select one or more items Expand icon — Click the expand (>) icon to show additional information for the session: The live session viewer allows an admin to watch a remote session that is in progress for another user. See the Live Session Viewer Window topic for additional information. If the user has logged into the remote session more than once, multiple session recordings will display. If a recording of the session is available, the replay viewer allows an admin to watch a replay of the remote session. See the Replay Viewer Window topic for additional information. Status — Shows status information for the session: Provisioning — Pre-Session stage of the Activity is processing and assigning permissions to the login account Waiting for Approval — The session requires approval to begin. See the Approvals Dashboard topic for additional information. Available — The activity session is ready. Click the icon to begin the session, or log in through a client. See the Start Activity Session topic for additional information. Failed — Pre-Session stage of the Activity has encountered an error Logged In — User is successfully logged in to the Resource either directly or via the Proxy. Direct log-in is detected by polling the Resource at regular intervals and may not update immediately. Canceling — The session is either expired or was canceled manually by the user or an Privilege Secure administrator. Locked — The session has been locked by an Privilege Secure administrator. See the Lock Session topic for additional information. Requested — Date and time of when the session was created Requested By — User who requested the session. Click the link to view additional details. See the User, Group, & Application Details Page topic for additional information. Host — Resource that the user will run the activity on. Click the link to view additional details.The details vary based on the type of resource. See the following topics for additional information: Host Details Page Domain Details Page Website Details Page Microsoft Entra ID Details Page Secret Vault Details Page Database Details Page Login Account — Displays the account used to log onto the resource Activity — Displays the name of the activity. Click the link to view additional details. See the Activities Page topic for additional information. Start — Indicates when the activity started. This refers to when the activity’s actions were executed and not when the user was logged on to the resource. End — Indicates when the session is scheduled to end the activity, which is determined by the start time plus the maximum session duration set by the access policy Connection Profile The table columns can be resized and sorted in ascending or descending order. Create Activity Session Follow the steps to create an activity session. Step 1 – Navigate to the Dashboard > Active page. Step 2 – In the Active Session table, click Create Session to open the Activity Request window. Step 3 – On the Request Type page, enter the following information: Select Activity – Search for and select an activity from the drop-down list Step 4 – Click Next to go to the Resource Selection page. Step 5 – On the Resource Selection page, enter the following information: Select the resource(s) from the table (Optional) Click View Selections to view all selected resources Step 6 – Click Next to go to the Notes page. Step 7 – On the Notes page, enter the following information: Notes for this session Ticket number for this session Step 8 – Click Next to go to the Scheduling page. Step 9 – On the Scheduling page, enter the following information: Select Now or enter a desired date and time to begin the session Step 10 – Click Next to go to the Review page. Step 11 – On the Review page, review the summary of the new session. Step 12 – Click Finish to create the session. The new session is created and is shown in the applicable dashboard in the Dashboard interface. If approval is required, the status Waiting for Approval is shown. The requester cannot log in to the session until the request is approved and the status changes to Available. When the status Available is shown, the remote session is ready. Click the Connection icon to begin the session, or log in through a client. See the Start Activity Session topic for additional information. Start Activity Session On the Active Sessions dashboard, when the status Available is shown, the activity session is ready. To begin the activity session, click the Connection icon in the Status column for the applicable session to be automatically connected to the resource. Also note the icons to view and copy the password for the session as plain text, if the option is enabled in the access policy Connection Profiles. Copy to Clipboard icon — Click to copy the password for the session as plain text. For resource–based activities for end users, this is only available if enabled in the activity's Access Policy. The password can always be viewed for credential–based activities. View Password icon — Click to view the password for the session as plain text. For resource–based activities for end users, this is only available if enabled in the activity's Access Policy. The password can always be viewed for credential–based activities. To view a password, select the Eye icon. Users will have 20 seconds to view the password or copy it. Connection icon — Click the icon to begin the activity session. Alternatively, configure any RDP / SSH Manager for remote login, including: PuTTY MobaXterm MS Remote Desktop Connection Manager MS Terminal Services Client (Remote Desktop) Session Extension Each session will remain active for a pre-configured amount of time based on the Connection Profile being used with the Access Policy. Session extension options can be configured in the connection profile that allow a session to be extended by the user, in increments. If Session Extension is enabled, the session extension option appears for users when the remaining time is 5 minutes or less. NOTE: For NPS users with the Administrator role, session extension is always enabled. For RDP, a pop-up message is displayed in the session window. For SSH the user can extend by typing Ctrl+X when prompted. SSH for Legacy Cisco Device If the Cisco device is running with insecure ciphers when the user attempts to connect to an SSH session, the following error message is displayed: ssh: handshake failed: ssh: no common algorithm for key exchange; client offered: [curve25519-sha256@libssh.org ecdh-sha2-nistp256 ecdh-sha2nistp384 ecdh-sha2-nistp521 diffie-hellman-group14-sha1], server offered: [diffie-hellman-group1-sha1] Ideally the Cisco device should be upgraded to support secure ciphers. If this is not possible, it is necessary to add additional ciphers to machines with older (insecure) ciphers that need to be managed with SSH. You can “opt-in” by configuring the cipher suites used by the Proxy Service. See the Proxy Service Install topic for additional information. DirectConnect Inline Password Prompt RDP DirectConnect now supports the prompting of users for password, removing the old requirement to modify group/local policy to force RDP password prompts. If a password is entered outside of the RDP session, this will be automatically be used and the inline password prompt will not display, unless there is an authentication error. Live Session Viewer Window The Live Session Viewer window allows a user with the Administrator role to watch a live activity session. Activity sessions are monitored when the Record Proxy Sessions checkbox is selected in the connection profile assigned to the access policy. All SSH and RDP keystrokes and local commands are recorded using a granular metadata search that works across both live and recorded sessions. Click the expand icon for an active session on the Active Dashboard. If the user has logged into the activity session more than once, multiple session recordings will display. Only the current session can be viewed live. See the Replay Viewer Window topic for additional information on recorded sessions. There are two types of Live Session Viewer windows: RDP session Website host Select the desired recording and the Live Session Viewer window opens. Live Session Viewer for RDP Sessions The Live Session Viewer window for RDP sessions is applicable to all resources except the Websites. The Live Session Viewer for RDP Sessions window has the following features: Action options Terminate Session icon – Click the icon to disconnect the user and end the session. A confirmation window will appear. See the Terminate Proxy Session Window topic for additional information. Lock icon – Opens the Lock Session window to prevent the user from interacting with the host but keeps the session active. See the Lock Session topic for additional information. Session Details User— Displays the account used to log onto the resource logged on to — Displays the name of the resource using — Displays the name of the resource the RDP session connects from Activity — Displays the name of the activity Proxy Session Started — Indicates when the activity started. This refers to when the activity’s actions were executed and not when the user was logged on to the resource. Activity Details Time line — Displays activity as it occurs in real-time during the session in the pane to the left of the player. By default this time line will include keystroke activity. NOTE: If RDP Session Monitoring is enabled, then it will also include Windows metadata activity in the time line. This monitoring requires the Netwrix Privilege Secure Remote Desktop Monitor service to be installed on the target host. See the Install Remote Desktop Monitor Service on Target RDP Hosts topic for additional information. Live Session Viewer for SSH Sessions The Live Session Viewer for SSH sessions is applicable to Linux and Cisco resources. The Live Session Viewer for SSH Sessions window has the following features: Action options Terminate Session icon – Click the icon to disconnect the user and end the session. A confirmation window will appear. See the Terminate Proxy Session Window topic for additional information. Lock icon – Opens the Lock Session window to prevent the user from interacting with the host but keeps the session active. See the Lock Session topic for additional information. Session Details User— Displays the account used to log onto the resource logged on to — Displays the name of the resource using — Displays the name of the resource the RDP session connects from Activity — Displays the name of the activity Proxy Session Started — Indicates when the activity started. This refers to when the activity’s actions were executed and not when the user was logged on to the resource. Activity Details Time line — Displays activity as it occurs in real-time during the session in the pane to the left of the player. By default this time line will include keystroke activity. Other Details Keystrokes are captured via STD in/out SSH communication No agent is required All data is indexed and searchable Recording Session Viewer for Website Host Sessions The Recording Session Viewer window for Website host sessions is applicable only to Website hosts and Microsoft Entra ID. The Live Session Viewer for Recording Sessions window has the following features: Action options Terminate Session icon – Click the icon to disconnect the user and end the session. A confirmation window will appear. See the Terminate Proxy Session Window topic for additional information. Lock icon – Opens the Lock Session window to prevent the user from interacting with the host but keeps the session active. See the Lock Session topic for additional information. Recording Details User— Displays the account used to log onto the resource logged on to — Displays the name of the resource using — Displays the name of the resource the session connects from Activity — Displays the name of the activity Proxy Session Started — Indicates when the activity started. This refers to when the activity’s actions were executed and not when the user was logged on to the resource. Terminate Proxy Session Window When viewing a session with the live session viewer, it is possible to disconnect the session in the event that suspicious or unauthorized activity is observed. Follow the steps to a lock the session. Step 1 – In the Live Session Viewer, click the Terminate Session icon. Step 2 – In the Terminate Proxy Session window, select from the following options: Cancel Activity Session – Check to cancel the active session in Privilege Secure and prevent the user logging in again through the same session. Step 3 – Click Okay to disconnect the session. Step 4 – To prevent the user from creating a new session, navigate to the Users & Groups Details page for that user and click Lock Account. See the User, Group, & Application Details Page topic for additional information. The session is terminated. Lock Session It is possible to lock out the user in the event that suspicious or unauthorized activity is observed, either from the Active Dashboard, or the Live Session Viewer Window. Follow the steps to lock a session. Step 1 – Navigate to either the Active dashboard or the Live Session Viewer. From the Active Dashboard, select the session and click Lock Activity. OR - From the Live Session Viewer, click the lock icon. Step 2 – In the Lock Session window, enter the following information: Lock Title – The title of the message displayed to the session user Lock Message – The message displayed to the session user Prevent User From: ◦ Opening New Activities on this Resource – Prevent user from opening new activity to this resource while locked. ◦ Any Further Activity on this Resource – Lock all sessions and prevent the user from any further activity while locked. The Users & Groups Details page for the user will indicate that the account is locked. Step 3 – Click Okay to confirm. The session is locked and the Lock Session message is displayed to the session user within their RDP or SSH clients. To unlock an active session, either: From the Active Dashboard, select the session and click Unlock Activity. OR - From the Live Session Viewer, click the Unlock icon. To unlock an account, see the User, Group, & Application Details Page topic for additional information. Scheduled Dashboard The Scheduled sessions dashboard shows all scheduled sessions. The Scheduled Sessions table has the following features: Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. Create Session — Open the Activity Request window. See the Create Activity Session topic for additional information. End Session — Cancel the selected session(s) Refresh — Reload the information displayed The table has the following columns: Checkbox — Check to select one or more items Status — Shows status information for the session: Provisioning — Pre-Session stage of the Activity is processing and assigning permissions to the login account Pending — Session scheduled start time is still in the future, session is waiting to start Waiting for Approval — The session requires approval to begin. See the Approvals Dashboard topic for additional information. Available — The activity session is ready. Click the icon to begin the session, or log in through a client. See the Start Activity Session topic for additional information. Failed — Pre-Session stage of the Activity has encountered an error Logged In — User is successfully logged in to the Resource either directly or via the Proxy. Direct log-in is detected by polling the Resource at regular intervals and may not update immediately. Canceling — The session is either expired or was canceled manually by the user or an Privilege Secure administrator. Locked — The session has been locked by an Privilege Secure administrator. See the Lock Session topic for additional information. Requested — Date and time of when the session was created Requested By — User who requested the session Host — Resource that the user will run the activity on Login Account — Displays the account used to log onto the resource Activity — Displays the name of the activity. Click the link to view additional details. See the Activities Page topic for additional information. Start — Indicates when the activity starts. This refers to when the activity’s actions will be executed and not when the user logs on to the resource. End — Indicates when the session is scheduled to end the activity, which is determined by the start time plus the maximum session duration set by the access policy Connection Profile The table columns can be resized and sorted in ascending or descending order. Approvals Dashboard The Approvals Dashboard displays requested sessions that require approval. Users and group members designated as approvers will see the pending sessions queued here. The session must be approved before the requestor can log in to the session. See the Connection Pr ofiles Page topic for additional information on Approval Workflows. The Approvals Dashboard has the following features: Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. Approve — Approves the selected session(s) Deny — Denies the selected session(s) Refresh — Reload the information displayed The table has the following columns: Checkbox — Check to select one or more items to complete a bulk action Status — Shows status information for the session: Waiting for Approval — The session requires approval to begin. Canceling — The session is either expired or was canceled manually by the user or an Privilege Secure administrator. Requested — Date and time of when the session was created Requested By — User who requested the session Host — Resource that the user will run the activity on Login Account — Displays the account used to log onto the resource Activity — Displays the name of the activity. Click the link to view additional details. See the Activities Page topic for additional information. Start — Indicates when the activity starts. This refers to when the activity’s actions will be executed and not when the user logs on to the resource. End — Indicates when the session is scheduled to end the activity, which is determined by the start time plus the maximum session duration set by the access policy Connection Profile Notes — Any notes that were entered when the session was created Ticket Number — Any ticket numbers that were entered when the session was created The table columns can be resized and sorted in ascending or descending order. Historical Dashboard The Historical sessions dashboard shows all created sessions and their status. Only users with the Administrator role can view recordings of historical sessions. The dashboard has the following features: Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. See the Searches topic for additional information. Filter — Provides options to filter results based on a chosen criterion: All Historical tab — Shows all sessions for all users Mine tab — Shows sessions for the logged in user Resource Name – Filter by Host value User Name — Filter by Session User User Type — Filter by type of user: All, User, Application, or Local User Recording data — Filter by keystroke data and, when enabled, RDP Windows event activity. See the Install Remote Desktop Monitor Service on Target RDP Hosts topic for additional information. Requested date — Filter by session start and/or end dates Export as CSV — Generates a CSV file of the table and automatically downloads it to your browser's default download folder. The file name indicates what table was exported. Refresh — Reload the information displayed The table has the following columns: Actions — Contains icons for available actions: Expand icon — Click the expand (>) icon to show additional information for the session: If a recording of the session is available, the replay viewer allows an admin to watch a replay of the remote session. See the Replay Viewer Window topic for additional information. Rocket icon — Launches the same session (same activity on the same resource with the same connection profile) for any historical session that is not a Credential-based session View logs icon — Opens the Session Logs window to view the action log for the selected session. See the Session Logs Window topic for additional information. Requested — Date and time of when the session was created Status — Shows status information for the session: Canceled — Activity was manually canceled before its scheduled end time by an Privilege Secure administrator Failed — Pre-Session stage of the Activity has encountered an error Completed — Activity either reached the end of its scheduled end time or was canceled early by the requestor Session User— User who requested the session. Click the link to view additional details. See the User, Group, & Application Details Page topic for additional information. Host — Resource that the user will run the activity on. Click the link to view additional details. The details vary based on the type of resource. See the following topics for additional information: Host Details Page Domain Details Page Website Details Page Microsoft Entra ID Details Page Secret Vault Details Page Database Details Page Login Account — Displays the account used to log onto the resource Activity — Displays the name of the activity. Click the link to view additional details. See the Activities Page topic for additional information. Start — Indicates when the activity started. This refers to when the activity’s actions were executed and not when the user was logged on to the resource. Duration — Indicates how long the Activity ran for until it either reached its scheduled end time or was manually canceled by the user or an Privilege Secure administrator Notes — Any notes that were entered when the session was created Ticket Number — Any ticket numbers that were entered when the session was created The table columns can be resized and sorted in ascending or descending order. Searches Searches can be performed across both live and previously recorded sessions. Sessions can be filtered by resource name, requesting user, user type (standard, application, or local), recording metadata (keystrokes, screen output and executed commands in Windows session), and date range. Within the filtered list, any column metadata can be searched including login account (account used to log onto target), Activity name, user session notes and ticket number. All search and filtering supports partial string matching. When metadata is searched and a recorded session is opened, we jump to the point of the recording where the metadata first appears. Replay Viewer Window The Replay Viewer window allows a user with the Administrator role to watch a recorded activity session. Activity sessions are recorded when the Record Proxy Sessions checkbox is selected in the connection profile assigned to the access policy. All SSH and RDP keystrokes and local commands are recorded using a granular metadata search that works across both live and recorded sessions. When recordings are available for a historical session, the expand icon is enabled on the Historical Dashboard. Multiple recording can exist for a session. There are two types of Replay Viewer windows: RDP session Website host Select the desired recording and the Replay Viewer window opens. Replay Viewer for RDP Sessions The Replay Viewer window for RDP sessions is applicable to all resources except the Websites. The Replay Viewer for RDP Sessions window has the following features: Play options Control buttons — Play, pause, rewind, or fast forward the recording Playback bar — Click to jump to a specific place in the recording Speed slider — Use the slider to adjust the playback speed Recording Details User— Displays the account used to log onto the resource logged on to — Displays the name of the resource using — Displays the name of the resource the RDP session connected from Activity — Displays the name of the activity Proxy Session Started — Indicates when the activity started. This refers to when the activity’s actions were executed and not when the user was logged on to the resource. Ended — Indicates when the activity ended. Duration — Indicates how long the Activity ran for until it either reached its scheduled end time or was manually canceled by the user or an Privilege Secure administrator Activity Details: Time line — Displays recorded activity that occurred during the session in the pane to the left of the player. By default this time line will include keystroke activity. NOTE: If RDP Session Monitoring is enabled, then it will also include Windows metadata activity in the time line. This monitoring requires the Netwrix Privilege Secure Remote Desktop Monitor service to be installed on the target host. See the Install Remote Desktop Monitor Service on Target RDP Hosts topic for additional information. Replay Viewer for SSH Sessions The Replay Viewer for SSH sessions is applicable to Linux and Cisco resources. NOTE: When a user enters input into a password prompt during an SSH session, the keystrokes will be obscured in the Replay Viewer. The Replay Viewer for SSH Sessions window has the following features: Play options Control buttons — Play, pause, rewind, or fast forward the recording Playback bar — Click to jump to a specific place in the recording Speed slider — Use the slider to adjust the playback speed Recording Details User— Displays the account used to log onto the resource logged on to — Displays the name of the resource using — Displays the name of the resource the RDP session connected from Activity — Displays the name of the activity Proxy Session Started — Indicates when the activity started. This refers to when the activity’s actions were executed and not when the user was logged on to the resource. Ended — Indicates when the activity ended. Duration — Indicates how long the Activity ran for until it either reached its scheduled end time or was manually canceled by the user or an Privilege Secure administrator Activity Details: Time line — Displays recorded activity that occurred during the session in the pane to the left of the player. By default this time line will include keystroke activity. Replay Viewer for Website Host Sessions The Replay Viewer window for Website host sessions is applicable only to Website hosts. The Replay Viewer for Website Host Sessions window has the following features: Play options Control buttons — Play or pause the recording Playback bar — Click to jump to a specific place in the recording Sound icon — If available, click to adjust sound volume Full Screen icon — Click to open the player in full screen or return to window size Playback speed — Select Playback speed from the Options menu to adjust player speed Picture in picture — Select Picture in picture from the Options menu to enable feature Recording Details User— Displays the account used to log onto the resource logged on to — Displays the name of the resource using — Displays the name of the resource the session connected from Activity — Displays the name of the activity Proxy Session Started — Indicates when the activity started. This refers to when the activity’s actions were executed and not when the user was logged on to the resource. Ended — Indicates when the activity ended. Duration — Indicates how long the Activity ran for until it either reached its scheduled end time or was manually canceled by the user or an Privilege Secure administrator Session Logs Window The Session Logs window displays the log details for the selected session. Select a session from the Active dashboard and click the View Logs button to open the Session Logs window. The window has the following features: Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. Filter — Provides options to filter results based on a chosen criterion: Log Level — Filter by the message Status level: Debug, Info, Warn, or Error Requested date — Filter by session start and/or end dates Export as CSV — Generates a CSV file of the table and automatically downloads it to your browser's default download folder. The file name indicates what table was exported. Action Service Version — Indicates the version of the Privilege Secure action service that ran the activity Refresh — Reload the information displayed Okay — Click to close the window, which can also be closed with the X in the upper-right corner The table has the following columns: Line — Indicates the order of the messages within the log DateTime — Date timestamp for when the message was recorded Status — Provides two details: Icon — Indicates whether the action associated with the message was successful Log Level — Indicates message log level: Debug, Info, Warn, or Error Message — Displays the logged details of the message The table columns can be resized and sorted in ascending or descending order. Users Dashboard The Users dashboard shows session information for onboarded users and groups. Onboarded users and can log into the application to manage policies or run sessions. The Users dashboard displays the same information as the Users & Groups Page. The Users table has the following features: Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. Filter — Provides options to filter results based on a chosen criterion: User or Groups Add User — Opens the Add Users and Groups window. See the Add Users & Groups Window topic for additional information. Add Application — Opens the Add Application page. See the Add Application topic for additional information. Remove — Removes console access from the selected account Refresh — Reload the information displayed The table has the following columns: Checkbox — Check to select one or more items Type — Icon indicates the type of object Name — Displays the name of the account. Click the link to view additional details. See the User, Group, & Application Details Page topic for additional information. User Name — Displays the sAMAccountName for the account User Principal Name — Displays the UPN value for the account Email — Displays the associated email address, if available Last Login — Date timestamp for the last time the user logged into the application Locked — Displays a Lock icon if the user's account has been locked by an Admin Active Sessions — Displays the number of active sessions for the user or group Scheduled Sessions — Displays the number of sessions scheduled for the user or group Access Policies — Displays the number of access policies associated with the user or group The table columns can be resized and sorted in ascending or descending order. Resources Dashboard The Resources dashboard shows information for onboarded resources, such as active and scheduled sessions, policies, and service accounts for the host resources and domain resources that have been added to the console. The Resources dashboard displays the same information as the Resources Page. The Resources table has the following features: Add — Opens a list of available resources to add. The Add list contains the following options: New Server — Opens the Add Resources window to onboard new servers. See the Add Resources Window topic for additional information. New Domain — Opens the Domain Details page for a new domain. See the Add New Domain topic for additional information. New Website — Opens the Website Details page for a new website. See the Add New Website topic for additional information. New Microsoft Entra ID Tenant — Opens the Microsoft Entra ID Tenant Details page for a new tenant. See the Add New Microsoft Entra ID Tenant topic for additional information. New Secret Vault — Opens the Secret Vault Details page for a new vault. See the Add Secret Vault topic for additional information. New Database — Opens the Databse Details page for a new database. See the Add New Databasetopic for additional information. Remove — Removes the selected resource from being managed by the application. A confirmation window will display. See the Remove Resource Window topic for additional information. Change Platform — Opens the Change Platform window to modify the type of platform for the selected host resource. See the Change Platform Window topic for additional information. Change Service Account — Opens the Change Service Account window to modify the service account associated with the selected host resource. See the Change Service Account Window topic for additional information. Scan Resource — Scans a host resource for local users, groups, windows services, and scheduled tasks. A confirmation window will display. Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. Filter — Provides options to filter results based on a chosen criterion: Type— Filter by the type of resource: All, Host, Domain, Website, Azure AD, Secret Vault, or Database. The drop-down menu the definition for each Type icon used in the table. Refresh — Reload the information displayed The table has the following columns: Checkbox — Check to select one or more items Type — Icon indicates the type of object Resource — Displays the name of the resource. Click the link to view additional details. The details vary based on the type of resource. Host Details Page Domain Details Page Website Details Page Microsoft Entra ID Details Page Secret Vault Details Page Database Details Page Operating System — Displays the operating system of the resource Active — Displays the number of active sessions on the resource Scheduled — Displays the number of sessions scheduled for the resource Access Policies — Displays the number of access policies associated with the resource Protection Policies — Displays the number of protection policies associated with the resource DNS Host Name — Displays the DNS host name for a host resource or the FQDN for a domain resource IP Address — Displays the IP address for the resource Domain — Displays the domain name for the resource. Click the link to view additional details. See the Domain Details Page topic for additional information. Service Account — Displays the service account associated with the resource. Click the link to view additional details. See the Service Accounts Page topic for additional information. Platform — Displays the type of platform, which defines the resource. See the Platforms Page topic for additional information. Last Scanned — Date timestamp for the last time the resource was scanned The table columns can be resized and sorted in ascending or descending order. Credentials Dashboard The Credentials dashboard shows all accounts discovered within your environment. It is specifically focused on managing service account password rotation. A managed account is any host local account, domain account, or Privilege Secure application local account that has its credentials managed by the application. This includes managed user accounts created by activity sessions. The Credentials dashboard displays the same information as the Credentials Page. The dashboard has the following features: Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. You can search for a specific host or account. Filter — Provides options to filter results based on a chosen criterion: Method — Filter by whether the account is managed by the application: All, Managed, and Unmanaged. Managed accounts include both Automatic managed and Manual managed. Managed Type — Filter by account type: All, Internal, Standard, and Service. An Internal account is a Privilege Secure application local account. Privilege Type — Filter by type of privilege the account has: Not Set, Administrator, Power User, Guest, User, Sudoer, Linux User, Cisco Privilege 0, Cisco Privilege 1, and Cisco Privilege 15 Manage — Set the selected account to be managed by Privilege Secure. This button is only available when the account Managed Type is Standard or Internal. For an Internal account, a pop up window will display. See the Manage Internal Service Accounts section for additional information. Unmanage — Remove the account from being managed by Privilege Secure Rotate Service Account — Opens the Account Dependencies window. This button is only available when the Managed Type is Service. See the Account Dependencies Window topic for additional information. Schedule Rotation — Add the credential rotation task to the queue. This button is only available when the Method is Automatic managed. See the Scheduled Tasks Page topic for additional information. Verify — Checks that the credentials for the selected account match the credentials set by Privilege Secure View History — Opens the Password History window to displays the password history for the account. See the Password History Window topic for additional information. Refresh — Reload the information displayed The table has the following columns: Checkbox — Check to select one or more items Account — Name of the account. The following icons may also appear in this column: Set Password icon — Opens the Set Password for Credential window to set a new password for the selected account.See the Manage Internal Service Accounts topic for more information. Clipboard icon — Copies the password for the selected account Information icon — Opens the View Password window to view the password and copy it to the clipboard. The window stays open for 20 seconds. See the View Password Window topic for additional information. Resource — Name of the resource that the account is on. Click the link to view additional details. Privilege — Level of privilege the account has on the resource Platform — Displays the type of platform, which defines the resource Method — Indicates how the account is managed: Automatic — Credential rotation is managed by Privilege Secure according to the change policy for that platform type. See the Platforms Page topic for additional information. Manual — Credential rotation must be initiated manually with the Rotate Service Account button, or the credential must be manually updated on both the resource and in Privilege Secure. See the Service Accounts Page section for information on updating credentials for Internal service accounts. Not Managed — Not currently managed by Privilege Secure and no credentials have ever been stored NOTE: See the Rotation Methods topic for additional information. Managed Type — Type of managed account: Standard — Local or domain user account, including managed users created by activity sessions Internal — Internal service account used by Privilege Secure with no dependencies. See the Service Accounts Page topic for additional information. Service — Local or domain service account with one or more dependencies. Includes Internal service accounts with one or more dependencies. Dependents — Number of scheduled tasks or Windows services using this account Password Changed — Date timestamp for the last time the password was rotated Age — Number of days since the last credential rotation or from when the password was first created Status — Indicates if the account credentials have been verified by Privilege Secure. See the Platforms Page topic for additional information on configuring a verification schedule. Unspecified — Verification check has not run Verified — Confirmed the credentials match the value stored in Privilege Secure Mismatch — Credentials do not match the value stored in Privilege Secure. This status only appears when the Reset on Mismatch option is not enabled. Changed — Credentials were successfully updated to match the value stored in Privilege Secure. This status only appears when the Reset on Mismatch option is enabled. Failed — Attempt to update the credentials to match the value stored in Privilege Secure was unsuccessful. This status only appears when the Reset on Mismatch option is enabled. Last Checked — Date timestamp of the last verification check Next Change — Date timestamp for the next credential password rotation Last Logon — Date timestamp for the last time the account authenticated The table columns can be resized and sorted in ascending or descending order. Policy Interface The Policy interface provides users with options for creating access policies, investigating activity sessions, onboarding and managing users, groups, resources, and credentials. This topic explains the interface features and how to use them. Select the Policy interface for related pages: Access Policy Page — Add or modify user and group access to resources Connection Profiles Page — Add or modify connection profiles Activity Token Complexity Page — Add or modify the complexity of activity tokens Platforms Page — Add or modify the platforms used Password Complexity Page — Configure the password complexity rules for the platform resources Schedule Policies Page — Add or modify schedules for tasks and policies Protection Policies Page — Add or modify protection policies Users & Groups Page — Add or modify users, groups, and applications Role Management Page — Add or modify roles for users and groups User and Group Collections Page — Add or modify user and group collections Resources Page — Add or modify resources Resource Groups Page — Add or modify resource groups Credentials Page — Add or modify credentials Credential Groups Page — Add or modify credential groups Activities Page — Add or modify activities Activity Groups Page — Add or modify activity groups Access Policy Page The Access Policies page is accessible from the Navigation pane underPolicyPolicies. It shows the configured access policies, which are used to control which users can complete which activities on which resources. The pane on the left side of the page displays a list of the configured access policies. This pane has the following features: Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. Green + button — Create a new access policy. See the Add Access Policy topic for additional information. Trashcan icon — Deletes the access policy. Icon appears when policy is hovered over. A confirmation window will display. The selected access policy details display at the top of the main pane: Name — Displays the name of the policy Description — Description of the policy Type — Icon indicates the type of object: Resource Based or Credential Based Connection Profile — Displays the name of the connection profile associated to the access policy. The green arrow will open the Connection Profiles Page to add or edit connection profiles. User icon — Shows extra group of users who can manage this access policy. The icon appears only if a custom role has been assigned to a policy. See the Custom Role Details Page for additional information. If any of these settings are modified, Save and Cancel buttons are displayed. Click Save to commit the modifications. Click Cancel to discard the modifications. The tabs at the bottom of the main pane are for associating Users, Activities, Resources, and Credentials to the access policy. The content within the tabs change based on the type of policy. See the following topics for additional information: Resource Based Policy: Users Tab for Resource Based Access Policies Activities Tab for Resource Based Access Policies Resources Tab for Resource Based Access Policies Credential Based Policy: Users Tab for Credential Based Access Policies Activities Tab for Credential Based Access Policies Credentials Tab for Credential Based Access Policies Add Access Policy Follow the steps to add access policies to the console. Remember, a connection profile is required to create an access policy. You can create one ahead of time on the Connection Profiles Page page or use the arrow button to create one during these steps. Step 1 – Navigate to the Policy > Access Policies page. Step 2 – In the Access Policy list, click the Plus icon. Step 3 – Enter the following information: Name – Displays the name of the policy Description – (Optional) Description of the policy Type – Classification of the access policy. The Type drop-down contains the following options: Resource Based Credential Based Connection Profile – Displays the name of the connection profile associated to the access policy Step 4 – Click Save to create the new access policy. The new access policy has been created. The next step is to associate Users, Activities, and Resources/Credentials to the policy. See the following topics for additional information: Resource Based Policy Users Tab for Resource Based Access Policies Activities Tab for Resource Based Access Policies Resources Tab for Resource Based Access Policies Credential Based Policy Users Tab for Credential Based Access Policies Activities Tab for Credential Based Access Policies Credentials Tab for Credential Based Access Policies Users Tab for Resource Based Access Policies The Users tab shows the users and groups associated with the selected access policy. The Users tab has the following features: Add — Opens the Add Users and Groups window. See the Add Users & Groups Window topic for additional information. Remove — Removes the selected item from being associated with the policy Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. Type — Provides options to filter results based on a chosen criterion: All — Displays all individual and group types User — Displays user types Group — Displays group types Application — Displays application types Collection — Displays collection types Local User — Displays local user types Refresh — Reload the information displayed The table has the following columns: Checkbox — Check to select one or more items Expand — Click the expand (>) icon to show additional information about the activities and resources authorized for the selected user or group Name — Displays the name of the account. See the User, Group, & Application Details Page topic for additional information. Email — Displays the associated email address, if available User Name — Displays the sAMAccountName for the account Type — Icon indicates the type of object Certified — Indicates the access entitlement for the user or group. See the Access Certification Page topic for additional information. Approved — Access entitlements have been approved Denied — Access entitlements have been revoked Incomplete — No access entitlement review has been completed The table columns can be resized and sorted in ascending or descending order. Activities Tab for Resource Based Access Policies The Activities tab shows the activities associated with the selected access policy. The Activities tab has the following features: Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. Type— Provides options to filter results based on a chosen criterion: All — Displays all activity for users and groups Activity — Displays user activity Activity Group — Displays group activity Add — Opens the Add Activities and Activity Groups window. See the Add Activities and Activity Groups Window topic for additional information. Remove — Removes the selected item from being associated with the policy Refresh — Reload the information displayed The table has the following columns: Checkbox — Check to select one or more items Name — Displays the name of the activity . Click the link to view additional details. See the Activities Page topic for additional information. Type — Classification of the activity. Click the link to view additional details. Description — Description of the policy The table columns can be resized and sorted in ascending or descending order. Add Activities and Activity Groups Window The Add Activities and Activity Groups window provides a list of Activities that have been created. Activities are created in the Activities Page. The window has the following features: Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. Filter — Provides options to filter results based on a chosen criterion: All, Activity or Activity Group Available Activities — Shows all available activities and activity groups Activities & Activity Groups to Add — Shows selected activities and activity groups Add — Adds modifications and closes window Cancel — Discards modifications and closes the window Both tables have the following columns: Name — Displays the name of the activity Type — Classification of the activity Description — Description of the policy Add Activities Follow the steps to add activities to the selected access policy. Step 1 – Navigate to the Policy > Access Policies page. Step 2 – In the Access Policy list, select the name of the access policy and select the Activities tab. Step 3 – Click Add to open the Add Activities and Groups window. The Add Activities and Groups window has the following features: Search – Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. Available Activities and Groups – Shows all activities and groups that have been added to the console Activities and Groups to Add – Shows all activities and groups that have been added to the protection policy Column headers can be sorted in ascending or descending order Name — Displays the name of the activity Type — Classification of the activity Description — Description of the policy Step 4 – To add an activity to the access policy, click a row in the Available Activities list and it is immediately moved to the Activities & Groups to Add list. Step 5 – (Optional) Click a row in the Activities & Groups to Add list to move it back to the Available Activities list. Step 6 – Click Add to add the activities and activity groups to the access policy. The new activities and activity groups are added to the access policy and are shown in the Activities Tab for Resource Based Access Policies. Resources Tab for Resource Based Access Policies The Resources tab shows the resources associated with the selected access policy. The Resources table has the following features: Add — Opens the Add Resources and Resource Groups window. See the Add Resources and Resource Groups Window topic for additional information. Remove — Removes the selected item from being associated with the policy Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. Filter — Provides options to filter results based on a chosen criterion: All — Displays all individual and group types Resource — Displays individual types Resource Group — Displays group types Refresh — Reload the information displayed The table has the following columns: Checkbox — Check to select one or more items Name — Displays the name of the resource. Click the link to view additional details. The details vary based on the type of resource. See the Resources Page topic for additional information. Type — Icon indicates the type of object DNS Host Name — Displays the DNS host name for a host resource or the FQDN for a domain resource Operating System — Displays the operating system of the resource Active Session Count — Displays the number of active sessions on the resource The table columns can be resized and sorted in ascending or descending order. Add Resources and Resource Groups Window The Add Resources and Resource Groups window provides a list of resources that have been onboarded. Resources are onboarded in the Resources Page. The window has the following features: Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. Filter — Provides options to filter results based on a chosen criterion: All, Resource or Resource Group Available Resources and Resource Groups — Shows all available resources and resource groups that have been onboarded Resources and Resource Groups to Add — Shows selected resources and resource groups Add — Adds modifications and closes window Cancel — Discards modifications and closes the window Both tables have the following columns: Name — Displays the name of the resource Operating System— Displays the operating system of the resource Add Resources Follow the steps to add resources and resource groups to the selected access policy. Step 1 – Navigate to the Policy > Access Policies page. Step 2 – In the Access Policy list, select the name of the access policy and select the Resources tab Step 3 – Click Add to open the Add Resources and Resource Groups window. The Add Resources and Resource Groups window has the following features: Search – Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. Available Resources and Resource Groups – Shows all resources that have been added to the console Resources and Resource Groups to Add – Shows the resources to be added to the protection policy Column headers can be sorted in ascending or descending order Name – The name of the resource Operating System – Operating System of resource Step 4 – Filter by Resources or Resource Groups, and use the search feature. Step 5 – To add a resource or resource group to the access policy, click a row in the Available Resources / Resource Groups table and it is immediately moved to the Resources and Resource Groups to Add table. Step 6 – (Optional) Click a row in the Resources and Resource Groups to Add table to move it back to the Available Resources / Resource Groups table. Step 7 – Click Add to add the resource(s) and resource group(s) to the access policy. The new resource(s) and resource group(s) are added to the access policy and are shown in the Resources Tab for Resource Based Access Policies. Users Tab for Credential Based Access Policies The Users tab shows the users and groups associated with the selected access policy. The Users tab has the following features: Add — Opens the Add Users and Groups window. See the Add Users & Groups Window topic for additional information. Remove — Removes the selected item from being associated with the policy Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. Type — Provides options to filter results based on a chosen criterion: All — Displays all individual and group types User — Displays user types Group — Displays group types Application — Displays application types Collection — Displays collection types Local User — Displays local user types Refresh — Reload the information displayed The table has the following columns: Checkbox — Check to select one or more items Expand — Click the expand (>) icon to show additional information about the activities and resources authorized for the selected user or group Name — Displays the name of the account. Click the link to view additional details.See the User, Group, & Application Details Page topic for additional information. Email — Displays the associated email address, if available User Name — Displays the sAMAccountName for the account Type — Icon indicates the type of object Certified — Indicates the access entitlement for the user or group. See the Access Certification Page topic for additional information. Approved — Access entitlements have been approved Denied — Access entitlements have been revoked Incomplete — No access entitlement review has been completed The table columns can be resized and sorted in ascending or descending order. Activities Tab for Credential Based Access Policies The Activities tab shows the activities associated with the selected access policy. Only the Credential Release activity is associated with a Credential Based Access Policy. The Activities tab has the following features: Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. Type— Provides options to filter results based on a chosen criterion: All — Displays all activity for users and groups Activity — Displays user activity Activity Group — Displays group activity Refresh — Reload the information displayed The table has the following columns: Name — Displays the name of the activity Type — Classification of the activity Description — Description of the policy The table columns can be resized and sorted in ascending or descending order. Credentials Tab for Credential Based Access Policies The Credentials tab shows credentials associated with the selected Credential Based access policy. The Credentials table has the following features: Add — Opens the Add Credentials window. See the Add Credentials Window topic for additional information. Remove — Removes the selected item from being associated with the policy Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. Type— Provides options to filter results based on a chosen criterion: All — Displays all credentials for users and groups Credential — Displays user credentials Credential Group — Displays group credentials Refresh — Reload the information displayed The table has the following columns: Checkbox — Check to select one or more items Name — Name of the account or credential group Type — Icon indicates the type of object Resource — Name of the resource that the account is on Operating System — Displays the operating system of the resource Active Session Count — Displays the number of active sessions on the resource The table columns can be resized and sorted in ascending or descending order. Add Credentials Window The Add Credentials window provides a list of Credentials that have been onboarded. Credentials are onboarded in the Credentials Page. The window has the following features: Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. Filter — Provides options to filter results based on a chosen criterion: All, Credential or Credential Group Available Credentials and Groups — Shows all available credentials and credential groups Credentials And Groups to Add — Shows selected credentials and credential groups Add — Adds modifications and closes window Cancel — Discards modifications and closes the window Both tables have the following columns: Checkbox — Check to select one or more items Name — Displays the name of the credential Type — Icon indicates the type of object Resource — Displays the name of the resource Operating System — Displays the operating system of the resource Active Session Count — Displays the number of active sessions Add Credentials to an Access Policy Follow the steps to add credentials to the selected access policy. Step 1 – Navigate to the Policy > Access Policies page. Step 2 – In the Access Policy list, select the name of the access policy and select the Credentials tab. Step 3 – Click Add to open the Add Credentials window. The Add Credentials window has the following features: Search – Searches the Name and Operating System columns to match the search string. When matches are found, both tables are filtered to the matching results. Available Credentials and Groups– Shows all Credentials and Groups that have been added to the console Credentials and Groups to Add – Shows the Credentials and Groups to be added to the protection policy Column headers can be sorted in ascending or descending order Name – The name of the credential Type – The type of credential, individual or group Resource – Name of the domain Operating System – Operating System of resource Active Session Count – Number of active sessions Step 4 – (Optional)Toggle between Credentials or Credential Groups. Step 5 – To add a credential to the access policy, click a row in the Available Credentials table and it is immediately moved to the Credentials to Add table. Step 6 – Click Add to add the credential(s) to the access policy. The new credential(s) are added to the access policy and are shown in the Credentials Tab for Credential Based Access Policies. Connection Profiles Page The Connection Profiles page is accessible from the Navigation pane under Policy > Access Policy > Connection Profiles. It shows the configuration options for managing the session of the selected access policy. An approval workflow can be configured so that the session must be approved before the requester of the session can log in. The pane on the left side of the page displays a list of the configured connection profiles. This pane has the following features: Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. Blue + button — Create a new connection profile. See the Add Connection Profile topic for additional information. Trashcan icon — Deletes the connection profile. Icon appears when profile is hovered over. A confirmation window will display. The selected profile details display in the main pane: Name — Name of the connection profile that is unique Description — Description that indicates the purpose of connection profile Proxy settings: RDP Proxy — Specific proxy, format host:port, that should be used for RDP activities in an access policy. If the field is blank, the local Proxy on the Privilege Secure server will be used. SSH Proxy — Specific proxy, format host:port, that should be used for SSH activities in an access policy. If the field is blank, the local Proxy on the Privilege Secure server will be used. Allow Proxy Auto Connects — If disabled, the requester will be prompted for secondary authentication (password and MFA) when executing proxy connects from the Active Dashboard. Record Proxy Sessions — Specify if the proxy will record the session. This will allow a user with the admin role to watch a remote session live, or review it later. See the Replay Viewer Window topic for additional information. Session Control settings: Max Duration (minutes) — Length of time that sessions will be scheduled for when making a new Activity Request Session End Notification (minutes) — Determines the time prior to the end of the session that the requester will be notified within their RDP or SSH clients. This option will work whether the requestor logs on directly to the Resource, or connects via the proxy. Enable Session Extension — Check to allow user to extend their current session. See the Start Activity Session topic for additional information. Extend By — The additional number of minutes that the session will be extended. See the Start Activity Session topic for additional information. Session Extension Limit — The number of times the user will be able to extend their session. See the Start Activity Session topic for additional information. Monitor for Logon — Monitor user logon to the resource Monitor Interval (minutes) — Indicates how often Privilege Secure will poll a resource to determine whether a user has logged on LSA Lookup Cache — Controls the size of the SID Lookup cache. Disabling the cache is useful for managed domain accounts with the “Delete After Use” option enabled: Do Not Change — Do not change the cache value Disable and Revert — Set the value to 0 and restore to the original value when the activity session ends Disable — Permanently disable the cache value Leave Existing Members in Group — If checked, a user will be left in a group for an activity if that user was already in the group before the activity started and the user was not added to the group by a different activity Validate Users for SSH Sessions — When checked, the action service will connect to all valid domain controllers for the Linux host to check that the target account exists and is enabled. This setting is recommended if users are encountering authentication issues with direct connect SSH sessions. NOTE: This will increase the session creation time for Linux based activities with managed domain users and activity token domain users. Require Notes for Sessions — Require the user to enter information in the Notes field when creating a session Require Ticket Number for Sessions — Require the user to enter a ticket number in the Ticket Number field when creating a session Activity Token Complexity Policy — Establishes how complex an activity token must be. Users can choose custom polices created on the Activity Token Complexity Page. Left blank, the Console will use the default activity token complexity policy. Credential Management settings: Allow User to Access Password — When checked, the user will be able to view or copy the password from the Active Dashboard for the managed account that is used for the activity. The password that the user sees is valid only while the session is active. This option is enabled by default. Enable credential auto-fill in browser extension — When checked, the Console will allow auto-fill in the browser extension. This option is enabled by default. Enable 'Show Password' option in user interface and browser extension — When checked, the Console will enable the 'Show Password' icon on the login page of both the Console and the browser extension. This option is disabled by default View Password Timeout (seconds) — Enter he number of seconds the user will be able to view their password in the login page Website settings: Clear Website Data Before Start — Clear browser cache before starting the session Clear Website Data After Stop — Clear browser cache after the session is ended Record Session Audio — Records the computer audio during the session Custom Fields settings: Label — Display name of the custom field Variable Name — Name of the custom field for the PowerShell script Description — Description of the custom field Required — When selected, the entry for the custom field is required to be completed Data Type — The type of entry for the custom field Integer — Numeric value String — String value (maximum length of 12 characters) Options — Custom limited selection value Approval Workflow settings: Automatic – No approval is required for the session Tiered – Approval is required for the session. See the Add Approval Workflow topic for additional information. If any of these settings are modified, Save and Cancel buttons are displayed. Click Save to commit the modifications. Click Cancel to discard the modifications. Add Connection Profile Follow the steps to add a connection profile to the console. See the Connection Profiles Page topic for detailed descriptions of the fields. Step 1 – Navigate to the Policy > Access Policies > Connection Profiles page. Step 2 – In the Connection Profiles list, click the Plus icon. Step 3 – Enter the desired information to configure a new connection profile. Name – Provide a unique name for the connection profile Description – Provide an optional description to indicate the purpose of connection profile Configure the Proxy settings, which control what proxy server will be used to start the session. When customizing to use a specific proxy RDP (port 4489) and SSH (port 4422) proxy server, only one server can be listed. NOTE: If you want to use more than one proxy server, a load balancer must be used in front of the servers. Session Control – Configure the Session Control settings to set up session duration and user login parameters for a connection profile. NOTE: On this step, you will need to also select a default Activity Token Complexity policy for the connection profile Credential Management – Configure the Credential Management settings, which control parameters for the password used for this connection profile Website Settings – Configure the Website settings which control cleaning of the website data and allow recording the computer audio, if needed Custom Fields – Configure the Custom Fields settings to create additional data entries for the connection profile Approval Workflow –Configure the Approval Workflow settings Step 4 – Click Save to create the new connection profile. Step 5 – The new connection profile is created. To add an Approval Workflow, see the Add Approval Workflow topic for additional information. The new connection profile is added to the Connection Profiles list. Add Approval Workflow An approval workflow requires that the session must be approved before the requestor of the session can log in. Up to three Approval Tiers can be added. When the required number of approvals is reached in a Tier, the approvers in the next Tier are notified. Each Tier must approve the request in sequence. See the Approvals Dashboard topic for additional information on how to approve a requested session. Follow the steps to add an approval workflow to the console. Step 1 – Navigate to the Policy > Access Policies > Connection Profiles page. Step 2 – Select the Connection Profile and click any field to edit. Step 3 – In the Approval Workflow section, select Tiered and click Save. Step 4 – Once the policy has been created, click the Add Tier icon to add an Approval Tier. Workflow Tier(s) (only visible when Approval Type is set to Tiered): Delete icon – Deletes the selected Workflow Tier (A confirmation window will display) Edit icon – Modify the escalation settings for the Workflow Tier Escalation – The amount of time available to approve the request before it is escalated Escalation Account – The user that the request will be escalated to Escalation Group – The group that the request will be escalated to Approvers – The user(s) or group(s) that can approve a request. See the Approvals Dashboard topic for additional information on how to approve a requested session. Add Approver icon – Add a user or group as an approver Remove Approver icon – Removes the selected approver (A confirmation window will display) Approvals Required – The number of approvers required to approve the request Step 5 – Click the Edit icon to open the Tier Escalation window. Step 6 – In the Tier Escalation window, enter the following information: Escalation in Minutes – The amount of time available to approve the request before it is escalated (default is 10 minutes) Escalation Account – The user that the request will be escalated to Escalation Group – The group that the request will be escalated to Step 7 – Click Okay to save the escalation settings. Step 8 – Click the Add Approvers icon to open the Add Users and Groups as Approvers window. The Add Users and Groups as Approvers window has the following features: Search – Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. Radio buttons to filter by users or groups Available Users/Groups – Shows all users and groups added to the console Users & Groups to Add – Shows the users and groups to be added to the Workflow Tier as Approvers Column headers can be sorted in ascending or descending order: ◦ Type – User or group Name – Name of the user or group User Name – User or group SAM Account Name Email – User or group email address Step 9 – Filter by Users or Groups, or use the Search feature. Step 10 – To add a user or group to the Approval Tier as an Approver, click a row in the Available Users/Groups table and it is immediately moved to the Users & Groups to Add table. RECOMMENDED: It is usually desirable to add more approvers than required to approve the request, in order to ensure that approval is granted before the escalation timeout is reached. Step 11 – (Optional) Click a row in the Users & Groups to Add table to move it back to the Available Users/Groups table. Step 12 – Click Add to add the Approvers to the Approval Tier. Step 13 – Set the Approvals Required: Click the More or Less icons to change the number of approvers required to approve the request. Workflow Tier settings (only visible when Approval Type is set to Tiered): Delete icon – Deletes the selected Workflow Tier (A confirmation window will display) Edit icon – Modify the escalation settings for the Workflow Tier Escalation – The amount of time available to approve the request before it is escalated Escalation Account – The user that the request will be escalated to Escalation Group – The group that the request will be escalated to Approvers – The user(s) or group(s) that can approve a request. Add Approver icon – Add a user or group as an Approver. Remove Approver icon – Removes the selected Approver (A confirmation window will display) Approvals Required – The number of Approvers required to approve the request Remember, there must be enough Approvers in the list to meet the number of Approvals Required, though it is usually desirable to have more than the minimum. Step 14 – To add an additional Approval Tier, click the Add Tier icon and repeat from Step 4. Up to three Approval Tiers can be added. When the required number of approvals is reached in a Tier, the Approvers in the next Tier are notified. Each Tier must approve the request in sequence. NOTE: Connection profile approvals allow the same user that initiated the request to approve the session as well. The new Approval Workflow is added to the Connection Profile. See the Approvals Dashboard topic for additional information on how to approve a requested session. Activity Token Complexity Page The Activity Token Complexity Policy page is accessible from the Navigation pane underPolicyPolicies>Activity Token ComplexityAccess Policies. It shows the configura tion options for managing the complexity of activity tokens for connection profiles. The pane on the left side of the page displays a list of the configured activity token complexity policies. This pane has the following features: Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. Green + button — Create a new activity token complexity policy. See the Add Activity Token Complexity Policy topic for additional information. Trashcan icon — Deletes the activity token complexity policy. Icon appears when profile is hovered over. A confirmation window will display. The selected activity token complexity policy details display in the main pane: Name — Name of the activity token complexity policy Description — Description of the policy Must Start With / Must End With — Lists cases the activity token complexity policy will enforce. This list contains the following options: None Lowercase Uppercase Numeric Length — The maximum number of characters the activity token complexity policy will enforce Max Consecutive Chars — The maximum number of consecutively occurring characters that the activity token complexity policy will allow Characters to Exclude — Custom characters the activity token complexity policy will exclude. Characters entered in this field will be excluded in addition to the characters listed beneath the Additional characters excluded section. Additional characters excluded — Default characters the activity token complexity policy will exclude Included Characters — Check boxes containing additional inclusive parameters for the activity token complexity policy: Lowercase — At least one lowercase character in the password Uppercase — At least one uppercase character in the password Numbers — At least one number in the password If any of these settings are modified, Save and Cancel buttons are displayed. Click Save to commit the modifications. Click Cancel to discard the modifications. Add Activity Token Complexity Policy Follow the steps below to add an Activity Token Complexity policy to the console. See the Activity Token Complexity section for detailed descriptions of the fields. Step 1 – Navigate to the Policy > Access Policies > Activity Token Complexity Policy page. Step 2 – In the Activity Token Complexity list, click the Plus icon. Step 3 – Enter the desired information to determine the complexity of the connection profile. Provide a unique name for the policy Provide an optional description to state the purpose of the policy Configure the complexity parameters (Must Start With, Must End With, and Length), as desired Remember, The maximum account name length value is 19 characters. Specify the maximum number of consecutive characters and select characters to exclude, if needed You can specify additional characters to exclude from the account name and configure granular rules for the characters to include (uppercase, lowercase, or numbers) Step 4 – Click Save to create the new connection profile. The new activity token complexity policy is added to the Activity Token Complexity Policy list. Platforms Page The Platforms page is accessible from the Navigation pane under Policies. The menu on the left displays all the supported platform types and previously configured platforms. This allows administrators to apply default configurations across all resources defined by that platform type. The pane on the left side of the page displays a list of the configured platforms. The pane has the following features: Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. Copy icon — Create a new platform based on the current selection. Icon appears when platform is hovered over. This is intended to cover use cases where the built-in account differs from the norm. Trashcan icon — Deletes the platform. Icon appears when policy is hovered over and is only available for duplicated platforms. A confirmation window will display. Default platforms include: Active Directory — See the Active Directory Platform Policy Configuration topic for additional information on configuration options Microsoft Entra ID (formerly Azure AD) — See the Microsoft Entra ID Platform Policy Configuration topic for additional information on configuration options Cisco — See the Cisco Platform Policy Configuration topic for additional information on configuration options Linux — See the Linux Platform Policy Configuration topic for additional information on configuration options Microsoft SQL Server — See the Microsoft SQL Server Platform Policy Configuration topic for additional information on configuration options Oracle — See the Oracle Platform Policy Configuration topic for additional information on configuration options Secret Vault — See the Secret Vault Platform Policy Configuration topic for additional information on configuration options Website — See the Web Site Platform Policy Configuration topic for additional information on configuration options Windows — See the Windows Platform Policy Configuration topic for additional information on configuration options See the Configure a Platform Policy topic for additional information on adding a Platform Policy. Add Protection Policy Follow the steps to add a Protection policy to the console. Step 1 – Navigate to the Policy > Protection Policies page. Step 2 – In the Protection Policy list, click the Plus icon. Step 3 – Enter the following information: Name – Name of the protection policy Description – (Optional) Brief description to identify the protection policy Step 4 – Click Save to create the new protection policy. The new protection policy has been created. The next step is to associate Resources, Users, and Schedule to the policy. See the following topics for additional information: Resources Tab for Protection Policies Allowed Members Tab for Protection Policies Schedule Tab for Protection Policies Active Directory Platform Policy Configuration The Active Directory menu displays the configuration options for Active Directory platforms. Details for the selected platform are displayed on the right side of the page. Below are the configuration options for an Active Directory Platform. Name — Displays the name of the policy Description — Description of the policy Built-in Account — The built-in administrator account for the resources on the selected platform. If multiple built-in administrator accounts are required, create a copy of the platform. For Windows platforms, the built-in account is defined via the well-known SID (S-1-5-21*-500). This feature informs Netwrix Privilege Secure which account(s) to discover and onboard for a given platform during its discovery process. Password Complexity Policy — The password complexity rules for managed accounts created on the resources defined by the selected platform. See the Password Complexity Page topic for additional information. Password Length — The number of characters required by the selected password policy Arrow icon — Show or Hide password policy details. Click the icon to display the password complexity requirements of the selected password policy. Scheduled Change Policy — How often the credentials for a managed account are changed (credential rotation). See the Credentials Dashboard and Schedule Policies Page topic for additional information. Verification Schedule — How often to verify the credentials for managed accounts on the resources defined by the selected platform. See the Credentials Dashboard topic for additional information on managed accounts. Reset on Mismatch — When selected, this option will force a password rotation if the password verification step finds that the existing password for an account does not match what Privilege Secure expects. If any of these settings are modified, Save and Cancel buttons are displayed. Click Save to commit the modifications. Click Cancel to discard the modifications. Microsoft Entra ID Platform Policy Configuration The Microsoft Entra ID (formerly Azure AD) menu displays the configuration options for Microsoft Entra ID platforms. Details for the selected platform are displayed on the right side of the page. Below are the configuration options for an Microsoft Entra ID Platform. Name — Displays the name of the policy Description — Description of the policy Built-in Account — The built-in administrator account for the resources on the selected platform. If multiple built-in administrator accounts are required, create a copy of the platform. For Windows platforms, the built-in account is defined via the well-known SID (S-1-5-21*-500). This feature informs Netwrix Privilege Secure which account(s) to discover and onboard for a given platform during its discovery process. Password Complexity Policy — The password complexity rules for managed accounts created on the resources defined by the selected platform. See the Password Complexity Page topic for additional information. Password Length — The number of characters required by the selected password policy Arrow icon — Show or Hide password policy details. Click the icon to display the password complexity requirements of the selected password policy. Scheduled Change Policy — How often the credentials for a managed account are changed (credential rotation). See the Credentials Dashboard and Schedule Policies Page topic for additional information. Scan Schedule — How often to perform a host scan on the resources defined by the selected platform (local users, groups, windows services and scheduled tasks). This scan can also be run ad-hoc from the Resources Page. Verification Schedule — How often to verify the credentials for managed accounts on the resources defined by the selected platform. See the Credentials Dashboard topic for additional information on managed accounts. Reset on Mismatch — When selected, this option will force a password rotation if the password verification step finds that the existing password for an account does not match what Privilege Secure expects. If any of these settings are modified, Save and Cancel buttons are displayed. Click Save to commit the modifications. Click Cancel to discard the modifications. Cisco Platform Policy Configuration The Cisco menu displays the configuration options for Cisco platforms. Details for the selected platform are displayed on the right side of the page. Below are the configuration options for a Cisco Platform. Name — Displays the name of the policy Description — Description of the policy Built-in Account — The built-in administrator account for the resources on the selected platform. If multiple built-in administrator accounts are required, create a copy of the platform. For Windows platforms, the built-in account is defined via the well-known SID (S-1-5-21*-500). This feature informs Netwrix Privilege Secure which account(s) to discover and onboard for a given platform during its discovery process. Password Complexity Policy — The password complexity rules for managed accounts created on the resources defined by the selected platform. See the Password Complexity Page topic for additional information. Password Length — The number of characters required by the selected password policy Arrow icon — Show or Hide password policy details. Click the icon to display the password complexity requirements of the selected password policy. Scheduled Change Policy — How often the credentials for a managed account are changed (credential rotation). See the Credentials Dashboard and Schedule Policies Page topic for additional information. Scan Schedule — How often to perform a host scan on the resources defined by the selected platform (local users, groups, windows services and scheduled tasks). This scan can also be run ad-hoc from the Resources Page. Verification Schedule — How often to verify the credentials for managed accounts on the resources defined by the selected platform. See the Credentials Dashboard topic for additional information on managed accounts. Reset on Mismatch — When selected, this option will force a password rotation if the password verification step finds that the existing password for an account does not match what Privilege Secure expects. If any of these settings are modified, Save and Cancel buttons are displayed. Click Save to commit the modifications. Click Cancel to discard the modifications. Linux Platform Policy Configuration The Linux menu displays the configuration options for Linux platforms. Details for the selected platform are displayed on the right side of the page. Below are the configuration options for a Linux Platform. Name — Displays the name of the policy Description — Description of the policy Built-in Account — The built-in administrator account for the resources on the selected platform. If multiple built-in administrator accounts are required, create a copy of the platform. For Windows platforms, the built-in account is defined via the well-known SID (S-1-5-21*-500). This feature informs Netwrix Privilege Secure which account(s) to discover and onboard for a given platform during its discovery process. Password Complexity Policy — The password complexity rules for managed accounts created on the resources defined by the selected platform. See the Password Complexity Page topic for additional information. Password Length — The number of characters required by the selected password policy Arrow icon — Show or Hide password policy details. Click the icon to display the password complexity requirements of the selected password policy. Protection Policy Schedule — How often the Protection Policy is run. See the Protection Policies Page topic for additional information. Scheduled Change Policy — How often the credentials for a managed account are changed (credential rotation). See the Credentials Dashboard and Schedule Policies Page topic for additional information. Scan Schedule — How often to perform a host scan on the resources defined by the selected platform (local users, groups, windows services and scheduled tasks). This scan can also be run ad-hoc from the Resources Page. Verification Schedule — How often to verify the credentials for managed accounts on the resources defined by the selected platform. See the Credentials Dashboard topic for additional information on managed accounts. Reset on Mismatch — When selected, this option will force a password rotation if the password verification step finds that the existing password for an account does not match what Privilege Secure expects. If any of these settings are modified, Save and Cancel buttons are displayed. Click Save to commit the modifications. Click Cancel to discard the modifications. Microsoft SQL Server Platform Policy Configuration The Microsoft SQL Server menu displays the configuration options for Microsoft SQL Server platforms. Details for the selected platform are displayed on the right side of the page. Below are the configuration options for a Microsoft SQL Server Platform. Name — Displays the name of the policy Description — Description of the policy Built-in Account — The built-in administrator account for the resources on the selected platform. If multiple built-in administrator accounts are required, create a copy of the platform. For Windows platforms, the built-in account is defined via the well-known SID (S-1-5-21*-500). This feature informs Netwrix Privilege Secure which account(s) to discover and onboard for a given platform during its discovery process. Password Complexity Policy — The password complexity rules for managed accounts created on the resources defined by the selected platform. See the Password Complexity Page topic for additional information. Scheduled Change Policy — How often the credentials for a managed account are changed (credential rotation). See the Credentials Dashboard and Schedule Policies Page topic for additional information. Scan Schedule — How often to perform a host scan on the resources defined by the selected platform (local users, groups, windows services and scheduled tasks). This scan can also be run ad-hoc from the Resources Page. Verification Schedule — How often to verify the credentials for managed accounts on the resources defined by the selected platform. See the Credentials Dashboard topic for additional information on managed accounts. Reset on Mismatch — When selected, this option will force a password rotation if the password verification step finds that the existing password for an account does not match what Privilege Secure expects. If any of these settings are modified, Save and Cancel buttons are displayed. Click Save to commit the modifications. Click Cancel to discard the modifications. Oracle Platform Policy Configuration The Oracle menu displays the configuration options for Oracle platforms. Details for the selected platform are displayed on the right side of the page. Below are the configuration options for an Oracle Platform. Name — Displays the name of the policy Description — Description of the policy Built-in Account — The built-in administrator account for the resources on the selected platform. If multiple built-in administrator accounts are required, create a copy of the platform. For Windows platforms, the built-in account is defined via the well-known SID (S-1-5-21*-500). This feature informs Netwrix Privilege Secure which account(s) to discover and onboard for a given platform during its discovery process. Password Complexity Policy — The password complexity rules for managed accounts created on the resources defined by the selected platform. See the Password Complexity Page topic for additional information. Scheduled Change Policy — How often the credentials for a managed account are changed (credential rotation). See the Credentials Dashboard and Schedule Policies Page topic for additional information. Scan Schedule — How often to perform a host scan on the resources defined by the selected platform (local users, groups, windows services and scheduled tasks). This scan can also be run ad-hoc from the Resources Page. Verification Schedule — How often to verify the credentials for managed accounts on the resources defined by the selected platform. See the Credentials Dashboard topic for additional information on managed accounts. Reset on Mismatch — When selected, this option will force a password rotation if the password verification step finds that the existing password for an account does not match what Privilege Secure expects. If any of these settings are modified, Save and Cancel buttons are displayed. Click Save to commit the modifications. Click Cancel to discard the modifications. Secret Vault Platform Policy Configuration The Secrete Vault menu displays the configuration options for Windows platforms. Details for the selected platform are displayed on the right side of the page. Below are the configuration options for a Secret Vault Platform. Name — Displays the name of the policy Description — Description of the policy If any of these settings are modified, Save and Cancel buttons are displayed. Click Save to commit the modifications. Click Cancel to discard the modifications. Web Site Platform Policy Configuration The Web Site menu displays the configuration options for Web Site platforms. Details for the selected platform are displayed on the right side of the page. Below are the configuration options for a Website Platform. Name — Displays the name of the policy Description — Description of the policy If any of these settings are modified, Save and Cancel buttons are displayed. Click Save to commit the modifications. Click Cancel to discard the modifications. Windows Platform Policy Configuration The Windows menu displays the configuration options for Windows platforms. Details for the selected platform are displayed on the right side of the page. Below are the configuration options for a Windows Platform. Name — Displays the name of the policy Description — Description of the policy Built-in Account (Allows custom entries) — The built-in administrator account for the resources on the selected platform. If multiple built-in administrator accounts are required, create a copy of the platform. For Windows platforms, the built-in account is defined via the well-known SID (S-1-5-21*-500). This feature informs Netwrix Privilege Secure which account(s) to discover and onboard for a given platform during its discovery process. Password Complexity Policy — The password complexity rules for managed accounts created on the resources defined by the selected platform. See the Password Complexity Page topic for additional information. Password Length — The number of characters required by the selected password policy Arrow icon — Show or Hide password policy details. Click the icon to display the password complexity requirements of the selected password policy. Protection Policy Schedule — How often the Protection Policy is run. See the Protection Policies Page topic for additional information. Scheduled Change Policy — How often the credentials for a managed account are changed (credential rotation). See the Credentials Dashboard and Schedule Policies Page topic for additional information. Scan Schedule — How often to perform a host scan on the resources defined by the selected platform (local users, groups, windows services and scheduled tasks). This scan can also be run ad-hoc from the Resources Page. Verification Schedule — How often to verify the credentials for managed accounts on the resources defined by the selected platform. See the Credentials Dashboard topic for additional information on managed accounts. Reset on Mismatch — When selected, this option will force a password rotation if the password verification step finds that the existing password for an account does not match what Privilege Secure expects. If any of these settings are modified, Save and Cancel buttons are displayed. Click Save to commit the modifications. Click Cancel to discard the modifications. Password Complexity Page The Password Complexity page is accessible from the Navigation pane under Policy > Platforms. It shows configured password complexity policies that can be applied to platforms. When Privilege Secure creates a managed account on a local system or domain it also sets the user password. The password that is generated will follow the complexity rules configured in the related password policy associated with that platform. The Default policy is used if a password policy cannot be determined. See the Platforms Page topic for additional information. Password complexity requirements must adhere to any domain or local password policy applied to the target resource. If there is a conflict between the password policy on the target resource and the password policy set in Privilege Secure, the managed account cannot be created and the session will fail. Create password policies and configure the password complexity requirements on this page. The password policy only applies to managed accounts created by Privilege Secure. The pane on the left side of the page displays a list of the configured password complexity policies. This pane has the following features: Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. Blue + button — Create a new password complexity policy. See the Add Password Complexity Policy topic for additional information. Copy icon — Create a new password complexity policy based on the current selection. Icon appears when policy is hovered over. Trashcan icon — Deletes the password complexity policy. Icon appears when policy is hovered over. A confirmation window will display. NOTE: The default password policy cannot be deleted. The selected password complexity policy details display in the main pane: Name — Displays the name of the policy Description — Description of the policy Must Start With / Must End With — Lists cases the password complexity policy will enforce. This list contains the following options: None Lowercase Uppercase Numeric Length — The maximum number of characters the password complexity policy will enforce Max Consecutive Chars — The maximum number of consecutively occurring characters that the password complexity policy will allow Characters to Exclude — Custom characters the password complexity policy will exclude. Included Characters — Check boxes containing additional inclusive parameters for the policy: Lowercase — At least one lowercase character in the password Uppercase — At least one uppercase character in the password Numbers — At least one number in the password If any of these settings are modified, Save and Cancel buttons are displayed. Click Save to commit the modifications. Click Cancel to discard the modifications. Add Password Complexity Policy Follow the steps to add a password policy to the console. Step 1 – Navigate to the Policy > Platforms > Password Complexity page. Step 2 – In the Password Policy list, click the Plus icon. Step 3 – Complete the following fields: Name – This is a snippet Description – Description of the policy Must start with – Enter the symbol type from which the password must start with (uppercase, symbol, etc.) Must end with – Enter the symbol type from which the password must end with (uppercase, symbol, etc.) Length – Provide the desired password length Max consecutive chars – Select maximum number of consecutive characters Characters to exclude – select characters to exclude from the password body Include characters – select characters type to be excluded from the password body. Possible values are: Lowercase – Includes lower case letters Uppercase – Includes upper case letters Symbols – Includes the following characters: !#$%&*@\ Spaces – Includes spaces Numbers – Includes numbers Step 4 – Click Save to create the new password policy. The new password policy is added to the Password Policy list. Schedule Policies Page The Schedule Policies page is accessible from the Navigation pane under Policies > Platforms. It shows configured schedule policies. Schedules can be applied: Platforms — Configure schedules used by resources on a given platform type. See the Platforms Page topic for additional information. Protection Policy — See the Protection Policies Page topic for additional information. Change Policy (credential rotation) — How often the password of a managed account is changed. See the Credentials Dashboard topic for additional information on managed accounts. Host scan — Scan a host resources for local users, groups, windows services and scheduled tasks Verification — Check that the passwords for managed accounts match the credentials set by Privilege Secure The pane on the left side of the page displays a list of the configured schedule policies. This pane has the following features: Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. Green + button — Create a new schedule policy. See the Add Schedule Policy topic for additional information. Trashcan icon — Deletes the schedule policy. Icon appears when profile is hovered over. A confirmation window will display. NOTE: The default password policy cannot be deleted. The selected schedule policy details display in the main pane: Name — Displays the schedule recurrence information Edit icon — Click the icon to edit the selected schedule policy. See the Edit Schedule Policy topic for additional information. Add Schedule Policy Follow the steps to add a schedule policy to the console. Step 1 – Navigate to the Policy > Platforms > Schedule Policies page. Step 2 – In the Schedule Polices list, click the Plus icon. Step 3 – Enter the following information: NOTE: The fields will change depending on the selected frequency. Select the desired frequency: ◦ Every X Hours – Enter the number of hours between executions Every X Days – Enter the number of days between executions and the time of day Weekly – Select the day of the week from the drop-down menu and enter the time of day Monthly – Enter a number representing the day of the month and the time of day Step 4 – Click Save to create the new schedule. The new schedule is added to the Schedule Policy list. Edit Schedule Policy Follow the steps to edit the scheduled tasks. Step 1 – Navigate to the Policy > Platforms > Schedule Policies page. Step 2 – Click the Edit icon to open the Schedule Policy Editor window. Step 3 – From the Frequency radio buttons, set the frequency of how often the scheduled task is run: NOTE: The fields will change depending on the selected frequency. Every X Hours — Enter the number of hours between executions Every X Days— Enter the time of day Weekly — Select the day of the week from the drop-down menu and enter the time of day Monthly — Enter a number representing the day of the month and then enter the time of day Step 4 – Click Save to accept the changes. The task will run at the new scheduled frequency. Protection Policies Page The Protection Policies page is accessible from the Navigation pane under Policy. It shows the configured protection policies, which are used to monitor local groups on a resource for changes. Only users or groups added to the protection policy are permitted. When the resource is scanned, any local group members that are not listed on the Allowed Members Tab for Protection Policies are removed from the resource. It is also possible to add the action Invoke Protection Policy to the Post Session group of an activity. This will proactively run all protection policies that apply to the target resource when the session completes, instead of waiting for the scheduled sync. See the Activities Page topic for additional information. The pane on the left side of the page displays a list of the configured protection policies. This pane has the following features: Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. Blue + button — Create a new protection policy. See the Add Protection Policy topic for additional information. Copy icon — Create a new protection policy based on the current selection. Icon appears when the policy is hovered over. Trashcan icon — Deletes the protection policy. Icon appears when policy is hovered over. A confirmation window will display. The selected protection policy details display at the top of the main pane: Name — Displays the name of the policy Description — Description of the policy If any of these settings are modified, Save and Cancel buttons are displayed. Click Save to commit the modifications. Click Cancel to discard the modifications. The tabs at the bottom of the main pane are for associating Resource, Members, and Schedule to the protection policy. See the following topics for additional information: Resources Tab for Protection Policies Allowed Members Tab for Protection Policies Schedule Tab for Protection Policies Add Protection Policy Follow the steps to add a Protection policy to the console. Step 1 – Navigate to the Policy > Protection Policies page. Step 2 – In the Protection Policy list, click the Plus icon. Step 3 – Enter the following information: Name – Name of the protection policy Description – (Optional) Brief description to identify the protection policy Step 4 – Click Save to create the new protection policy. The new protection policy has been created. The next step is to associate Resources, Users, and Schedule to the policy. See the following topics for additional information: Resources Tab for Protection Policies Allowed Members Tab for Protection Policies Schedule Tab for Protection Policies Resources Tab for Protection Policies The Resources tab shows the resources associated with the selected protection policy. The Resources table has the following features: Add — Opens the Add Resources window. See the Add Resources Window for Protected Policy topic for additional information. Remove — Removes the selected item from being associated with the policy The table has the following columns: Checkbox — Check to select one or more items Name — Displays the name of the resource. Click the link to view additional details. The details vary based on the type of resource. See the Resources Page topic for additional information. DNS Host Name — Displays the DNS host name for a host resource or the FQDN for a domain resource Operating System — Displays the operating system of the resource The table columns can be resized and sorted in ascending or descending order. Add Resources Window for Protected Policy The Add Resources window provides a list of resources that have been onboarded. Resources are onboarded in the Resources Page. The window has the following features: Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. Available Resources — Shows all available resources Resources And Groups to Add — Shows selected resources Arrow icons — Use the arrows to move selection in and out of the Resources to Add section Add — Adds modifications and closes window Cancel — Discards modifications and closes the window Both tables have the following columns: Checkbox — Check to select one or more items Type — Classification of the activity Name — Displays the name of the resource. Click the link to view additional details. See the Resources Page topic for addition information. DNS Host Name — Displays the DNS host name for a host resource or the FQDN for a domain resource Operating System— Displays the operating system of the resource Add Resources Follow the steps to add resources to the selected protection policy. Step 1 – Navigate to the Policy > Protection Policies page. Step 2 – In the Protection Policy list, select the name of the protection policy and select the Resources tab. Step 3 – Click Add to open the Add Resources window. The Add Resources window has the following features: Search – Searches the Name and Operating System columns to match the search string. When matches are found, both tables are filtered to the matching results. Available Resources – Shows all resources that have been added to the console Resources to Add – Shows the resources to be added to the protection policy Column headers can be sorted in ascending or descending order Type – The type of the resource Name – The name of the resource DNS Host Name – The DNS host name for a host, or FQDN for a domain Operating System – Operating System of resource Step 4 – To add a resource to the protection policy, click a row in the Available Resources table and it is immediately moved to the Resources to Add table. Step 5 – (Optional) Click a row in the Resources to Add table to move it back to the Available Resources table. Step 6 – Click Add to add the resources to the protection policy. The new resource(s) are added to the protection policy and are shown on the Resources Tab for Protection Policies. Allowed Members Tab for Protection Policies The Allowed Members tab shows the configuration options for managing the groups governed by the selected protection policy. Any group member(s) discovered that are not in the list will be removed from the local group on the resource during the next scheduled sync. The Allowed Members tab has the following features: Add Group — Opens the Add Protected Group and Member window. See the Add Groups to a Protection Policy topic for additional information. Edit Members — Opens the Edit Protected Group Members window to edit the selected group within the protection policy. See the Edit Protected Group Members topic for additional information. The table has the following columns: Group Name — Displays the name of the group Allowed member(s) — Authorized account that will not be removed from the local group when the protection policy runs. If a domain is not specified in the name, the account is assumed to be local to the resource. Add Groups to a Protection Policy Follow the steps to add local groups to the selected protection policy. Step 1 – Navigate to the Policy > Protection Policies page. Step 2 – In the Protection Policy list, select the name of the protection policy and select the Allowed Members tab. Step 3 – Click Add Group to open the Add Protected Group and Member window. Step 4 – Enter the following information: Group Name – Displays the name of the group. NOTE: Privilege Secure cannot be used to create a group. The group must already exist on the resource. Group Member – The name of the group member Step 5 – Click Save to add the group to the protection policy. The new group is added to the protection policy and is shown on the Allowed Members Tab for Protection Policies. When the resource is scanned, any group members not permitted by the protection policy will be removed from the local group on the resource. Edit Protected Group Members Follow the steps to edit the members of a local groups within the selected protection policy. Step 1 – Navigate to the Policy > Protection Policies page. Step 2 – In the Protection Policy list, select the name of the protection policy and select the Allowed Members tab. Step 3 – Click Edit Members to open the Add Protected Group and Member window. Step 4 – Click the Trashcan icon next to a member to remove them from a Protected Group. A confirmation window will appear. Step 5 – (Optional) Enter a Group Member in the provided field. Step 6 – Click Add. Members of the Protected Group have been edited for this protection policy. Schedule Tab for Protection Policies The Schedule tab shows the schedule tasks for the resources in the selected protection policy. The protection policy schedule is run based on the platform type configuration on the Platforms Page. The Schedule tab has the following features: Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. View Logs — View the log for the selected task Refresh — Reload the information displayed The table has the following columns: Task Name — Displays the name of the scheduled task. See the Schedule Policies Page topic for additional information. Last Run Time — Date timestamp of the previous scheduled task Next Run Time — Date timestamp of the next scheduled task Recurrence — Indicates the scheduled recurrence Last Status — Shows the previous status information for the task Status — Shows status information for the task The table columns can be resized and sorted in ascending or descending order. Users & Groups Page The Users & Groups page shows session information for onboarded users and groups. Onboarded users and can log into the application to manage policies or run sessions. The Users & Groups page displays the same information as the Users Dashboard. The Users table has the following features: Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. Filter — Provides options to filter results based on a chosen criterion: User, Group, Application, and Local User Add User — Opens the Add Users and Groups window. See the Add Users & Groups Window topic for additional information. Add Application — Opens the Add Application page. See the Add Application for additional information. Add Local User — Opens the Add Local User page. See Add Local User topic for additional information. Remove — Removes console access from the selected account Refresh — Reload the information displayed The table has the following columns: Checkbox — Check to select one or more items Type — Icon indicates the type of object Name — Displays the name of the account. Click the link to view additional details. See the User, Group, & Application Details Page topic for additional information. User Name — Displays the sAMAccountName for the account User Principal Name — Displays the UPN value for the account Email — Displays the associated email address, if available Last Login — Date timestamp for the last time the user logged into the application Locked – This is a snippet Active Sessions — Displays the number of active sessions for the user or group Scheduled Sessions — Displays the number of sessions scheduled for the user or group Access Policies — Displays the number of access policies associated with the user or group The table columns can be resized and sorted in ascending or descending order. Add Users & Groups Window The Add Users & Groups window allows you to select users. From the Users & Groups Page, this window is used to onboard users. From other interfaces, this window is used to select onboarded users. The window has the following features: Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. Filter — Provides options to filter results based on a chosen criterion: For Onboarding — User and Group, For All Other Reasons — User, Group, Application, Collection, and Local User Available Accounts: For Onboarding — Shows all available users and groups from the Active Directory sync For All Other Reasons — Shows all available users, groups, applications, collections, and local users that have been onboarded Accounts to Add: For Onboarding — Shows selected users and groups For All Other Reasons — Shows selected users, groups, applications, collections, and local users Add button — Adds modifications and closes window Cancel — Closes the window The tables in both sections have the following columns: Checkbox — Check to select one or more items Type — Icon indicates the type of object Name — Displays the name of the account User Name — Not included for onboarding Displays the sAMAccountName for the account User Principal Name — Only included for onboarding Displays the UPN value for the account Email — Not included for onboarding Displays the associated email address, if available Domain — Displays the domain name for the account Add Users and Groups Follow the steps to add users and groups to the console from AD. Step 1 – Navigate to the Policy > Users and Groups page. Step 2 – Click Add to open the Add Users and Groups window. Step 3 – Filter by Users or Groups, or use the Search feature. Step 4 – Select the checkbox for the desired users in the Available Accounts table. Step 5 – Click Add to add one or more accounts. The selected accounts are now added to the Privilege Secure console. Add Application Applications are a special type of user that allow external entities to interact with Privilege Secure via the REST API interface. Capabilities within the product are identical to standard users with the exception that Applications are not able to log on through the product UI. Each Application has a unique name that is used to identify the application calling the API; authentication is via a combination of certificate serial number and API key. Follow the steps to add an Application to an Access Policy. Step 1 – Navigate to the Users & Groups page. Step 2 – Click Add Application. Step 3 – Enter a new Application Name in the provided field. This will be displayed to represent the application. Step 4 – Enter a Certificate Serial Number in the provided field. This is the serial number of the client certificate used to authenticate the application. The certificate should be signed by a Certificate Authority (CA). Ensure the certificate is trusted by IIS by adding the CA trusted root certificate to the Trusted Root Certification Authorities on the Privilege Secure server. Step 5 – Enter the API Key. This is the unique key used as part of Application authentication. Step 6 – Click the Save button when finished. The new Applicationhas been added to the the Users & Groups page. Add Local User Privilege Secure allows for the provisioning of local users. Local users exist locally in the Privilege Secure database, and therefore are not dependent on Active Directory authentication when logging in to Privilege Secure. Local users can be assigned to roles and access policies in exactly the same manner as domain users. Follow these steps to add a New Local Users. Step 1 – Navigate to the Policy > Users & Groups page. Step 2 – Click the Add button and select New Local User from the drop-down list. Step 3 – In the New Local User textbox, enter the name that will be assigned to the local user account. Step 4 – Enter a password in the Password and Confirm Password fields. Step 5 – The Change Password Next Login option is selected by default. Optionally uncheck it to maintain the password entered in step 4. Step 6 – Click the Save button when finished. Once saved, users can view the new Local User on the Users & Groups Page. User, Group, & Application Details Page The User, Group, & Application Details page shows additional information on the selected user or group. This page is opened from the link in the user or group column within the various interfaces. The page has the following features: Name — Name of the selected user or group User Name — Displays the sAMAccountName for the account Active Sessions — Displays the number of active sessions for the user or group Scheduled Sessions — Displays the number of scheduled sessions for the user or group Lock Account — Indicates if the account is not locked. Click the button to lock the account. Accounts can also be locked from the Active Dashboard. An account can also become locked if there are five incorrect login attempts from the user. Unlock Account — Indicates if the account is locked. When the account is locked, the user will not be able to create a session. Click the button to unlock the account. Reset MFA — Click the button to force the user to reset MFA for Privilege Secure login. Resetting the user's MFA will generate a new TOTP secret for the user to register an authenticator. See Reset User MFA topic for additional information. NOTE: This button will not be visible if the present user has their Authentication Connector set to Not Required The content within the tabs change based on the type of object. See the following topics for additional information: User Details: Sessions Tab Policies Tab Local Rights Tab History Tab Authentication Connector Tab User Roles Tab Group Details: Sessions Tab Members Tab Policies Tab History Tab Authentication Connector Tab Group Roles Tab Application Details: Sessions Tab Policies Tab History Tab Authentication Tab Properties Tab Reset User MFA Privilege Secure allows administrators to reset a user MFA directly from the Users page. Resetting the user's MFA will generate a TOTP secret for the user and force them to register an authenticator. This option is only available when the Internal MFA option is enabled on the User Details page. See Authentication Connector Tab for additional information. Follow the steps below to reset a user's MFA. Step 1 – Navigate to the Policy > Users & Groups page. Step 2 – Select the desired user or group account. Step 3 – Click the Reset MFA button. Step 4 – Click the Reset MFA button in the confirmation window. The user's MFA has been reset and they will be prompted to register a new MFA the next time they log in to Privilege Secure. Sessions Tab The Sessions tab shows information about the sessions of the selected user, group, or application. The Sessions tab has the following features: Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. End Session — Cancel the selected session(s) View Logs — Opens the Session Logs window to view the action log for the selected session. See the Session Logs Window topic for additional information. Refresh — Reload the information displayed The table has the following columns: Requested — Date and time of when the session was created User — Displays the account used to log onto the resource Host — Resource that the user will run the activity on. The details vary based on the type of resource. See the Resources Page topic for additional information. Start — Indicates when the activity started. This refers to when the activity’s actions were executed and not when the user was logged on to the resource. End — Indicates when the session is scheduled to end the activity, which is determined by the start time plus the maximum session duration set by the access policy Connection Profile Status — Shows status information for the session: Provisioning — Pre-Session stage of the Activity is processing and assigning permissions to the login account Complete — Activity either reached the end of its scheduled end time or was canceled early by the requestor Waiting for Approval — The session requires approval to begin. See the Approvals Dashboard topic for additional information. Available — The activity session is ready. Click the icon to begin the session, or log in through a client. See the Start Activity Session topic for additional information. Failed — Pre-Session stage of the Activity has encountered an error Approval Failed — Approval request has encountered an error Logged In — User is successfully logged in to the Resource either directly or via the Proxy. Direct log-in is detected by polling the Resource at regular intervals and may not update immediately. Canceling — The session is either expired or was canceled manually by the user or an Privilege Secure administrator. Locked — The session has been locked by an Privilege Secure administrator. See the Lock Session topic for additional information. Activity — Displays the name of the activity. Click the link to view additional details. See the Activities Page topic for additional information. The table columns can be resized and sorted in ascending or descending order. Members Tab The Members tab shows information about the members for the selected group. The Members tab has the following features: Search Group Members— Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. Refresh — Reload the information displayed The table has the following columns: Type — Icon indicates the type of object Name — Displays the name of the account. See the User, Group, & Application Details Page topic for additional information. User Principal Name — Displays the UPN value for the account SID — Security identifier for the user or group Email — Displays the associated email address, if available Last Login — Date timestamp for the last time the user logged into the application The table columns can be resized and sorted in ascending or descending order. Policies Tab The Policies tab shows information about the session policies for the selected user, group, or application. The Policies tab has the following features: Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. Add — Opens the Add Account to Policies window. See Add Account to Policies Window topic for additional information. Remove — Removes the selected item from being associated with the user group, or application Refresh — Reload the information displayed The table has the following columns: Checkbox — Check to select one or more items Name — Displays the name of the policy. Click the link to view additional details. See the Access Policy Page topic for additional information. Activity — Displays the name of the activity. Click the link to view additional details. See the Activities Page topic for additional information. Last Session — Date and timestamp for the last time the user used that activity and policy. This column is only on the User Details page. The table columns can be resized and sorted in ascending or descending order. Add Account to Policies Window The Add Account to Policies window provides a list of Policies that have been created. Policies are created in the Policy Interface. The window has the following features: Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. Available Policies — Shows all available policies Policies s to Add — Shows selected policies Arrow icons — Use the arrows to move selection in and out of the Policies to Add section Okay button — Closes the window Both tables have the following columns: Checkbox — Check to select one or more items Name — Displays the name of the policy Description — Description of the policy Policy Type — Icon indicates the type of object Connection Profile — Displays the name of the connection profile associated to the access policy Add Policies Follow the steps below to add a policy to the present account. Step 1 – Navigate to the Users & Groups page. Step 2 – In the Users & Groups list, click the name of the desired account to open the User page. Step 3 – Select the Policies tab. Step 4 – Click Add to open the Add Account to Policies window. Step 5 – Select a policy in the Available Policies table and click the right arrow to move it to the Policies to Add table. Step 6 – Click Okay to add policies to the role. The new policy is added to the applicable account. Local Rights Tab The Local Rights tab shows information about the local rights granted for the selected user. The Local Rights tab has the following feature: Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. The table has the following columns: Name — Displays the name of the group the user is a member of Host — Resource where the local group resides. Click the link to view Host Details Page. The table columns can be resized and sorted in ascending or descending order. History Tab The History tab shows information about the session history of the selected user, group, or application. The History tab has the following features: Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. View Logs — Opens the Session Logs window to view the action log for the selected session. See the Session Logs Window topic for additional information. Refresh — Reload the information displayed The table has the following columns: Status — Shows status information for the session: Information — Session was successful and row contains details Error — Session had an error and row contains details Time — Date timestamp for when the event occurred User— Displays the name of the account. Click the link to view additional details. See the User, Group, & Application Details Page topic for additional information. Access Policy — Displays the number of access policies associated Event Message — Description of the event Session ID — Unique identifier for the session The table columns can be resized and sorted in ascending or descending order. Authentication Connector Tab The Authentication Connector tab for a user or group shows the type of multi-factor authentication (MFA) being used for the selected user or group. The settings on this tab determine the options displayed on the login page for the user. The list is populated from the previously configured authentication connectors on the Authentications page. See the Authentication Page topic for additional information. Select the method of authentication for the user or group: Internal MFA — User will be prompted using the internal MFA when signing into the Privilege Secure console Duo (and other RADIUS profile values) — RADIUS profile that will be used for MFA when the user signs into the Privilege Secure console Duo SAML — SAML profile that will be used for MFA when the user signs into the Privilege Secure console Not Required — No multi-factor authentication is required for the user. Login only requires a user name and password. Intended for users who access Privilege Secure over a VPN where MFA has already been leveraged. CAUTION: Disabling multi-factor authentication can create a significant security vulnerability. The following information determines which MFA method has priority: If the user is a member of an Active Directory group that has a different RADIUS pr ofile, the group assignment will take precedence over the Internal MFA setting on the user. If the user MFA setting is for a RADIUS profile, the User assignment will take precedence over any group RADIUS profile setting. If the user is a member of multiple Active Directory groups, each having different RADIUS profiles, the user assignment will be determined by the alphabetical order of the RADIUS profile name. User Roles Tab The User Roles tab shows whether the current user has been assigned an application role. The User Roles tab has the following features: Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. Add Role — Enables the selected role Remove Role — Removes the selected role assignment Refresh — Reload the information displayed The table has the following columns: Checkbox — Check to select one or more items Role — List of available roles. See the Role Management Page topic for additional details. Assigned — Indicates whether the role has been assigned The table columns can be resized and sorted in ascending or descending order. Group Roles Tab The Group Roles tab shows whether the current group has been assigned an application role. The Group Roles tab has the following features: Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. Add Role — Enables the selected role Remove Role — Removes the selected role assignment Refresh — Reload the information displayed The table has the following columns: Checkbox — Check to select one or more items Role — List of available roles. See the Role Management Page topic for additional details. Assigned — Indicates whether the role has been assigned The table columns can be resized and sorted in ascending or descending order. Authentication Tab The Authentication tab for applications shows authentication information about the application. The tab displays the following information: Certificate Serial Number — The serial number of the client certificate used to authenticate the application. The certificate should be signed by a Certificate Authority (CA). Ensure the certificate is trusted by IIS by adding the CA trusted root certificate to the Trusted Root Certification Authorities on the Privilege Secure server. API Key — The unique key used as part of Application authentication. The API key has the following icons: Copy — Copies the value to the clipboard. Only available when the API Key is visible. Reveal / Hide — Shows or hides value Regenerate — Generates a new API key. Only the current API key is valid. If any of these settings are modified, Save and Cancel buttons are displayed. Click Save to commit the modifications. Click Cancel to discard the modifications. Properties Tab The Properties Tab enables Privilege Secure administrators to provide additional metadata for the application according to the use case. The Properties tab has the following fields: Display Name — Displays the name of the application Department — Displays the associated department, if available Email — Displays the associated email address, if available SamAccountName — Displays the sAMAccountName for the account User Principal Name — Displays the UPN value for the account Role Management Page The Role Management page is accessible from the Navigation pane under Users & Group. It provides details on all available roles for Privilege Secure users. There are default roles, and custom roles can be created. The pane on the left side of the page displays a list of the configured roles. This pane has the following features: Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. Blue + button — Create a new role. See the Add Custom Role for additional information. Copy icon — Clones a role and adds a new entry to the Role list Trashcan icon — Deletes the access policy. Icon appears when policy is hovered over. A confirmation window will display. NOTE: The default Administrator, User, and Reviewer roles cannot be copied, deleted, or modified. Only custom roles can be copied, deleted, or modified. The details that display the main pane vary based on the type of role selected. See the Default Role Details Page and the Custom Role Details Page topics for additional information. Add Custom Role The Add Role window allows users to add a role to Privilege Secure's Users & Groups Role Management module. The Add Role window has the following features: Enter Role Name — Name that will be displayed to represent the role. Description — A brief summary of the purpose of the role. Save button — Saves the new role to the Users & Groups module. Cancel button — Cancels the Add Role process and closes the window. Follow the steps below to add a role to the Users & Groups Role Management module. Step 1 – Navigate to the Users & Groups > Role Management page. Step 2 – Click the Add Role button. Step 3 – Enter a Role Name. Step 4 – (Optional) Add a description. Step 5 – Click the Save button. Once saved, the next step is to assign Permissions and users to this role. See the Custom Role Details Page topic for additional information. Default Role Details Page The Role Management page is accessible from the Navigation pane under Users & Group. It provides details on all available roles for Privilege Secure users. There are default roles, and custom roles can be created. When a default role (Administrator, User, or Reviewer) is selected, the selected role details display at the top of the main pane with the following features: Name — Name of the access policy Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. Filter — Provides options to filter results based on a chosen criterion: User, Group, Application, Collection, and Local User Add User — The Add options change based on the selected role: Administrator — Opens the Add Administrators window. See the Add Administrators Window topic for additional information. Users — Opens a list of available user types to add New Domain Users — Opens the Add Users and Groups window. See the Add Users & Groups Window topic for additional information. New Application User — Opens the Add Application page. See the Add Application for additional information. New Local User — Opens the Add Local User page. See Add Local User topic for additional information. Reviewers — Opens the Add Reviewers window. See the Add Reviewers Window topic for additional information. Remove — Removes console access from the selected account Refresh — Reload the information displayed The table has the following columns: Checkbox — Check to select one or more items Type — Icon indicates the type of object Name — Displays the name of the account. Click the link to view additional details. See the User, Group, & Application Details Page topic for additional information. User Name — Displays the sAMAccountName for the account Email — Displays the associated email address, if available Last Login — Date timestamp for the last time the user logged into the application The table columns can be resized and sorted in ascending or descending order. Default Role Permissions The default roles provide users with the following permissions: Administrators — Grants access to all Privilege Secure Console configuration options Users — Creates sessions based on assigned access policy. This role is automatically assigned when a user is onboarded. Reviewers — Grants ability to review access entitlement. See the Access Certification Page topic for additional information. Add Administrators Window The Add Administrators window provides a list of users that have been onboarded. Users are onboarded in the Users & Groups Page. The window has the following features: Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. Filter — Provides options to filter results based on a chosen criterion:User, Group, Application, Collection, and Local User Available Accounts — Shows all available users, groups, applications, collections, and local users that have been onboarded Accounts to Add — Shows selected users, groups, applications, collections, and local users Add button — Adds modifications and closes window Cancel — Closes the window The tables in both sections have the following columns: Checkbox — Check to select one or more items Type — Icon indicates the type of object Name — Displays the name of the account User Name — Displays the sAMAccountName for the account Email — Displays the associated email address, if available Last Login — Date timestamp for the last time the user logged into the application Select Users Follow the steps to grant users the Administrator role. See the Role Management Page section for a list of roles and their functions. Step 1 – Navigate to the Users & Groups > Role Management page. Step 2 – In the Role list, select the Administrators role. Step 3 – Click Add User to open the Add Administrators window. Step 4 – Select the checkbox for the desired accounts in the Available Accounts table.. Step 5 – Click Add to add the accounts to the role. The selected users are now Privilege Secure Administrators. Add Reviewers Window The Add Reviewers window provides a list of users that have been onboarded. Users are onboarded in the Users & Groups Page. The window has the following features: Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. Filter — Provides options to filter results based on a chosen criterion:User, Group, Application, Collection, and Local User Available Accounts — Shows all available users, groups, applications, collections, and local users that have been onboarded Accounts to Add — Shows selected users, groups, applications, collections, and local users Add button — Adds modifications and closes window Cancel — Closes the window The tables in both sections have the following columns: Checkbox — Check to select one or more items Type — Icon indicates the type of object Name — Displays the name of the account User Name — Displays the sAMAccountName for the account Email — Displays the associated email address, if available Last Login — Date timestamp for the last time the user logged into the application Select Users Follow the steps to grant users the Reviewer role. See the Role Management Page section for a list of roles and their functions. Step 1 – Navigate to the Users & Groups > Role Management page. Step 2 – In the Role list, select the Reviewers role. Step 3 – Click Add User to open the Add Reviewers window. Step 4 – Select the checkbox for the desired account from the Available Accounts table. Step 5 – Click Add to add the account to the role. The selected users are now Privilege Secure Reviewers. Custom Role Details Page The Role Management page is accessible from the Navigation pane under Users & Group. It provides details on all available roles for Privilege Secure users. There are default roles, and custom roles can be created. When a custom role is selected, the selected role details display at the top of the main pane with the following features: Name — Name of the access policy Description — Description of the policy Permission Assignment section — Use this section to assign permissions for the custom role. See the Permission Assignment topic for additional information. Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. This search is specific to the table in the Users section at the bottom. Filter — Provides options to filter results based on a chosen criterion: User, Group, Application, Collection, and Local User Add Role User — Opens Add Role Users window. See the Add Role Users Window topic for additional information. Remove — Removes console access from the selected account. This button is specific to the table in the Users role assignment section at the bottom. Refresh — Reload the information displayed. This button is specific to the table in the Users section at the bottom. The Users role assignment section table has the following columns: Checkbox — Check to select one or more items Type — Icon indicates the type of object Name — Displays the name of the account. See the User, Group, & Application Details Page topic for additional information. User Name — Displays the sAMAccountName for the account User Principal Name — Displays the UPN value for the account Email — Displays the associated email address, if available Last Login — Date timestamp for the last time the user logged into the application The table columns can be resized and sorted in ascending or descending order. Permission Assignment Each permission gives specific rights to users with the selected role. Permissions on the left are not associated with the role. Permissions on the right are assigned to the selected role. Available permissions include: Modify Name — Grants permission to modify the names of Policies Modify Description — Grants permission to modify the descriptions of Policies Modify Connection Profile — Grants permission to modify connection profiles of Policies Modify Activities — Grants permission to modify activities. Selecting this option enables the Activities tab to scope the permission to specific Activities. Modify Users — Grants permission to modify associated users. Selecting this option enables the Users tab to scope the permission to specific Users. Modify Resources — Grants permission to modify associated resources. Selecting this option enables the Resources tab to scope the permission to specific Resources. All custom roles, no matter what permissions are granted, can be scoped to specific policies. See the Change Permission Assignment topic for additional information. Policy Tab The Policy tab for a custom role has the following features: Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. This search is specific to the table in the Policies tab. Add Policies — Opens the Add Policies window. See the Add Policies Window topic for additional information. Remove — Removes console access from the selected account.This button is specific to the table in the Policies tab. Refresh — Reload the information displayed. This button is specific to the table in the Policies tab. The Policies tab table has the following columns: Checkbox — Check to select one or more items Name — Displays the name of the policy. Click the link to view additional details. See the Access Policy Page topic for additional information. Description — Description of the policy Users Tab The Users tab for a custom role has the following features: Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. This search is specific to the table in the Users tab. Type — Provides options to filter results based on a chosen criterion: User, Group, Application, Collection, and Local User Add Users— Opens the Add Users and Groups window. See the Add Users & Groups Window topic for additional information. Remove — Removes console access from the selected account.This button is specific to the table in the Policies tab. Refresh — Reload the information displayed. This button is specific to the table in the Policies tab. The Users tab table has the following columns: Checkbox — Check to select one or more items Type — Icon indicates the type of object Name — Displays the name of the account. See the User, Group, & Application Details Page topic for additional information. User Name — Displays the sAMAccountName for the account User Principal Name — Displays the UPN value for the account Email — Displays the associated email address, if available Last Login — Date timestamp for the last time the user logged into the application Activities Tab The Activities tab for a custom role has the following features: Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. This search is specific to the table in the Activities tab. Type — Provides options to filter results based on a chosen criterion: Activity or Activity Group Add Activities — Opens the Add Activities and Activity Groups window. See the Add Activities and Groups Window topic for additional information. Remove — Removes console access from the selected account.This button is specific to the table in the Policies tab. Refresh — Reload the information displayed. This button is specific to the table in the Policies tab. The Activities tab table has the following columns: Checkbox — Check to select one or more items Type — Classification of the activity Name — Displays the name of the activity. Click the link to view additional details. See the Activities Page topic for additional information. Resources Tab The Resources tab for a custom role has the following features: Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. This search is specific to the table in the Resources tab. Type — Provides options to filter results based on a chosen criterion: Resource or Resource Group Add Resources — Opens the Add Resources and Groups window. See the Add Resources and Groups Window topic for additional information. Remove — Removes console access from the selected account.This button is specific to the table in the Policies tab. Refresh — Reload the information displayed. This button is specific to the table in the Policies tab. The Resources tab table has the following columns: Checkbox — Check to select one or more items Type — Icon indicates the type of object Name — Displays the name of the resource. See the Resources Page topic for additional information. Operating System — Displays the operating system of the resource Role Users Role Users is located at the bottom of the Custom Role details page. This will be the user that has access to the Custom Role. The Role Users has the following features: Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. This search is specific to the table in the Users tab. Type — Provides options to filter results based on a chosen criterion: User, Group, Application, Collection, and Local User Add Role Users— Opens the Add Users and Groups window. See the Add Users & Groups Window topic for additional information. Remove — Removes console access from the selected account. This button is specific to the table in the Policies tab. Refresh — Reload the information displayed. This button is specific to the table in the Policies tab. The Role Users table has the following columns: Checkbox — Check to select one or more items Type — Icon indicates the type of object Name — Displays the name of the account. See the User, Group, & Application Details Page topic for additional information. User Name — Displays the sAMAccountName for the account User Principal Name — Displays the UPN value for the account Email — Displays the associated email address, if available Last Login — Date timestamp for the last time the user logged into the application Change Permission Assignment Follow the steps to add or remove permission assignments from a custom role. Step 1 – Navigate to the Policy > Users & Groups > Role Management page. Step 2 – Click a custom role item from the left-hand menu. Step 3 – From the left-hand menu, check the boxes of one or more permissions to add to this custom role. Click the add selections Green Arrow. Step 4 – (Optional) From the right-hand menu, check the boxes of one or more permissions to remove from this custom role. Click the remove selections Red Arrow. Selected permissions have been added or removed from the custom role. See the Custom Role Details Page topic for additional information. Add Policies Window The Add Policies window provides a list of Policies that have been created. Policies are created in the Policy Interface. The window has the following features: Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. Available Policies — Shows all available policies Policies s to Add — Shows selected policies Add button — Adds modifications and closes window Cancel — Closes the window Both tables have the following columns: Checkbox — Check to select one or more items Name — Displays the name of the policy Description — Description of the policy Add Policies Follow the steps to add a policy to a custom role. Step 1 – Navigate to the Users & Groups > Role Management page. Step 2 – Select a custom role from the left-hand menu. Step 3 – Click the Policies Tab in the custom role page. Step 4 – Click the Add Policies button. Step 5 – Select the checkbox for the desired Policies in the Available Policies table. Step 6 – Click Add to add one or more policies to the custom role. The new policies are added to the applicable custom role. Add Activities and Groups Window The Add Activities and Groups window provides a list of Activities that have been created. Activities are created in the Activities Page. The window has the following features: Search — (missing or bad snippet) Filter — (missing or bad snippet) Activity or Activity Group Available Activities — (missing or bad snippet) Activities & Activity Groups to Add — (missing or bad snippet) Add button — (missing or bad snippet) Both tables have the following columns: Type — (missing or bad snippet) Name — (missing or bad snippet) Description — (missing or bad snippet) Add Activities Follow the steps to add activities to the selected access policy. Step 1 – Navigate to the Policy > Access Policies page. Step 2 – In the Access Policy list, select the name of the access policy and select the Activities tab. Step 3 – Click Add to open the Add Activities and Activity Groups window. The Add Activities and Activity Groups window has the following features: Search – Searches the Name and Operating System columns to match the search string. When matches are found, both tables are filtered to the matching results. Available Credentials and Groups– Shows all Credentials and Groups that have been added to the console Credentials and Groups to Add – Shows the Credentials and Groups to be added to the protection policy Column headers can be sorted in ascending or descending order Name – The name of the activity Type – The type of activity, individual or group Description – Additional details for the activity Step 4 – To add an activity to the access policy, click a row in the Available Activities list and it is immediately moved to the Activities & Groups to Add list. Step 5 – (Optional) Click a row in the Activities & Groups to Add list to move it back to the Available Activities list. Step 6 – Click Add to add the activities and activity groups to the access policy. The new activities and activity groups are added to the access policy and are shown in the Activities Tab for Resource Based Access Policies. Add Resources and Groups Window The Add Resources And Groups window provides a list of resources that have been onboarded. Resources are onboarded in the Resources Page. The window has the following features: Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. Filter — Provides options to filter results based on a chosen criterion: Resource or Resource Group Available Resources And Resource Groups— Shows all available resources and resource groups that have been onboarded Resources And Resource Groups to Add — Shows selected resources and resource groups Add button — Adds modifications and closes window Cancel — Closes the window Both tables have the following columns: Checkbox — Check to select one or more items Type — Classification of the activity Name — Displays the name of the resource. Click the link to view additional details. See the Resources Page topic for addition information. Operating System— Displays the operating system of the resource Add Resources Follow the steps to add resources and resource groups to the selected access policy or custom role. Step 1 – Navigate to the Policy > Access Policies page or Users & Groups > Role Management page. Step 2 – Select the name of the access policy or custom role and select the Resources tab. Step 3 – Click Add to open the Add Resources window. Step 4 – Select the checkbox for the desired resources in the Available Resources And Resource Groups table. Step 5 – Click Add to add one or more Resources or Resource Groups. The new resource(s) and resource group(s) are added to the custom role. Add Role Users Window The Add Role Users window provides a list of users that have been onboarded. Users are onboarded in the Users & Groups Page. It allows users to be added to a custom role. The window has the following features: Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. Filter — Provides options to filter results based on a chosen criterion:User, Group, Application, Collection, and Local User Available Accounts — Shows all available users, groups, applications, collections, and local users that have been onboarded Accounts to Add — Shows selected users, groups, applications, collections, and local users Add button — Adds modifications and closes window Cancel — Closes the window The tables in both sections have the following columns: Checkbox — Check to select one or more items Type — Icon indicates the type of object Name — Displays the name of the account User Name — Displays the sAMAccountName for the account User Principal Name — Displays the UPN value for the account Email — Displays the associated email address, if available Last Login — Date timestamp for the last time the user logged into the application Add Role Users Follow the steps below to add a role user to a custom role. Step 1 – Navigate to the Users & Groups > Role Management page. Step 2 – In the Role list, click the name of the desired custom role to open the Custom Role Details Page. Step 3 – Click the Add Role Users button. Step 4 – Select the checkbox for the desired users in the Available Role Users table. Step 5 – Click Add to add one or more user roles. Step 6 – Click Add to add the role user(s) to the role. The selected users are now granted the permissions associated with the selected custom role. User and Group Collections Page The User and Group Collection page is accessible from the Navigation pane under Users & Group. It shows session information for user and group collections. To gain access to the Privilege Secure console, users or groups have to be added in the top level Users & Groups Page. Collections are conglomerated users and groups (that have already been granted rights in the console) that will gain the same rights collectively. Like users and groups individually, collections can also be added to policies. Collections are helpful as they allow multiple roles to be assigned in a single action in the console. The information in the User and Group Collections table is also displayed on the Users Dashboard. The pane on the left side of the page displays a list of the configured collections. This pane has the following features: Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. Blue + button — Create a new collection. See the Add Users & Groups Window topic for additional information. Trashcan icon — Deletes the access policy. Icon appears when policy is hovered over. A confirmation window will display. The selected collection details display at the top of the main pane: Name — Name of the collection Description — A brief description of the collection Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. Filter — Provides options to filter results based on a chosen criterion: User, Groups, or Applications Add Users and Groups button — Opens the Add Users and Groups window Remove — Removes console access from the selected account Refresh — Reload the information displayed The table has the following columns: Checkbox — Check to select one or more items Type — Icon indicates the type of object Name — Displays the name of the account. Click the link to view additional details. See the User, Group, & Application Details Page topic for additional information. User Name — Displays the sAMAccountName for the account User Principal Name — Displays the UPN value for the account Email — Displays the associated email address, if available Active Sessions — Displays the number of active sessions for the user or group Scheduled Sessions — Displays the number of sessions scheduled for the user or group Access Policies — Displays the number of access policies associated with the user or group The table columns can be resized and sorted in ascending or descending order. Resources Page The Resources page shows information for onboarded resources, such as active and scheduled sessions, policies, and service accounts for the host resources and domain resources that have been added to the console. The Resources page displays the same information as the Resources Dashboard. The Resources table has the following features: Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. Filter — Provides options to filter results based on a chosen criterion: Type— Filter by the type of resource: All, Host, Domain, Website, Azure AD, Secret Vault, or Database. The drop-down menu the definition for each Type icon used in the table. Add — Opens a list of available resources to add. The Add list contains the following options: New Server — Opens the Add Resources window to onboard new servers. See the Add Resources Window topic for additional information. New Domain — Opens the Domain Details page for a new domain. See the Add New Domain topic for additional information. New Website — Opens the Website Details page for a new website. See the Add New Website topic for additional information. New Microsoft Entra ID (formerly Azure AD) Tenant — Opens the Microsoft Entra ID Tenant Details page for a new tenant. See the Add New Microsoft Entra ID Tenant topic for additional information. New Secret Vault — Opens the Secret Vault Details page for a new vault. See the Add Secret Vault topic for additional information. New Database — Opens the Databse Details page for a new database. See the Add New Databasetopic for additional information. Remove — Removes the selected resource from being managed by the application. A confirmation window will display. See the Remove Resource Window topic for additional information. Change Platform — Opens the Change Platform window to modify the type of platform for the selected host resource. See the Change Platform Window topic for additional information. Change Service Account — Opens the Change Service Account window to modify the service account associated with the selected host resource. See the Change Service Account Window topic for additional information. Scan Resource — Scans a host resource for local users, groups, windows services, and scheduled tasks. A confirmation window will display.. See the Platforms Page topic for additional information. Refresh — Reload the information displayed The table has the following columns: Checkbox — Check to select one or more items Type — Icon indicates the type of object Resource — Displays the name of the resource. Click the link to view additional details. The details vary based on the type of resource. Host Details Page Domain Details Page Website Details Page Microsoft Entra ID Details Page Secret Vault Details Page Database Details Page Operating System — Displays the operating system of the resource Active — Displays the number of active sessions on the resource Scheduled — Displays the number of sessions scheduled for the resource Access Policies — Displays the number of access policies associated with the resource Protection Policies — Displays the number of protection policies associated with the resource DNS Host Name — Displays the DNS host name for a host resource or the FQDN for a domain resource IP Address — Displays the IP address for the resource Domain — Displays the domain name for the resource. Click the link to view additional details. See the Domain Details Page topic for additional information. Service Account — Displays the service account associated with the resource. Click the link to view additional details. See the Service Accounts Page topic for additional information. Platform — Displays the type of platform, which defines the resource. See the Platforms Page topic for additional information. Last Scanned — Date timestamp for the last time the resource was scanned The table columns can be resized and sorted in ascending or descending order. Add Resources Window The Add Resources window is for onboarding resources. The features within the window change based on the onboarding method: Import from AD Import from CSV Add Manually Import from AD When the Import from AD option is selected, the Add Resources window provides a list of resources found via Active Directory sync. The window has the following features: Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. Available Resources — Shows all available resources Resources And Groups to Add — Shows selected resources Service Account — Provides a list of available Service Accounts. See the Service Accounts Page topic for additional information. Add — Onboards resources and closes the window Cancel — Discards modifications and closes the window Both tables have the following columns: Type — Classification of the activity Name — Displays the name of the resource Operating System— Displays the operating system of the resource DNS Host Name — Displays the DNS host name for a host resource or the FQDN for a domain resource Follow the steps to onboard resources by importing from Active Director. Step 1 – Navigate to either the Resources dashboard or the Resources page. Step 2 – Click the Add button and select New Server. The Add Resources window will open to onboard new servers. Step 3 – Select the Import from AD radio button, which is the default option when the window opens. This option lists Available Resources that have been discovered by Privilege Secure. Step 4 – Select the desired resources in the Available Resources table and it is immediately moved to the Resources to Add table. NOTE: To remove a resource from the Resources to Add table, uncheck it from either table. Step 5 – When the Resources to Add table is populated as desired, open the Service Account drop-down menu. Select a previously added service account with credentials for the selected resources. Step 6 – When the service account is assigned, click Add. The Add Resources window closes. The new resource(s) have been onboarded and can be added to Access Policies. Import from CSV When the Import from AD option is selected, the Add Resources window provides import options. The window has the following features: Import CSV — Opens Window Explore to select the file Download CSV Template — Downloads the nps-resource-import-template.csv fi le with required columns. See the Create Resource Import CSV File topic for additional information. Remove — Removes the selected item Service Account — Provides a list of available Service Accounts. See the Service Accounts Page topic for additional information. Add — Onboards resources and closes the window Cancel — Discards modifications and closes the window The table has the following columns: Checkbox — Check to select one or more items Type — Classification of the activity Name — Displays the name of the resource Platform — Displays the type of platform, which defines the resource Operating System— Displays the operating system of the resource IP Address — Displays the IP address for the resource Service Account — Displays the service account associated with the resource Input Source — Displays the name of the import file Follow the steps to onboard resources by importing from a CSV file. Remember, the CSV file must contain either the DNS Host Name or IP Address for each resource. All other values are options. Also, the Platform and Credentials value must be an exact match to Platforms and Service Accounts already known to Privilege Secure . Step 1 – Navigate to either the Resources dashboard or the Resources page. Step 2 – Click the Add button and select New Server. The Add Resources window will open to onboard new servers. Step 3 – Select the Import from CSV radio button. This option allows you to import a precreated CSV file to onboard resources. NOTE: If you did not create the CSV file prior to starting these steps, click Download CSV Template to download the nps-resource-import-template.csv file with required columns. Step 4 – Click Import CSV. The Open window opens. Step 5 – Navigate to the desired CSV file and click Open. Step 6 – The data is read into the table. There is a validation process taking place. If an issue arises, a red icon will indicate the problem. If a problem occurs, you can either fix the CSV fi le and reimport the file, or you can select the resource with the issue and click Remove. Step 7 – Repeat steps 4-6 to import multiple CSV files. Step 8 – When the table is populated as desired, open the Service Account drop-down menu. Select a previously added service account with credentials for the selected resources. The selection will populate the Service Account value for resources without an assigned Credential from the import file. Step 9 – When all resources have an assigned service account, click Add. The Add Resources window closes. The new resource(s) have been onboarded and can be added to Access Policies. Add Manually When the Add Manually option is selected, the Add Resources window provides options for entering resources. The window has the following features: Resource Name / IP Address textbox — Enter the resource name or IP Address Add — Adds the resource in the textbox to the table Remove — Removes the selected item Service Account — Provides a list of available Service Accounts. See the Service Accounts Page topic for additional information. Add — Onboards resources and closes the window Cancel — Discards modifications and closes the window The table has the following columns: Checkbox — Check to select one or more items Name — Displays the name of the resource Input Source — Indicates that User Input is the resource source Follow the steps to onboard resources manually. Step 1 – Navigate to either the Resources dashboard or the Resources page. Step 2 – Click the Add button and select New Server. The Add Resources window will open to onboard new servers. Step 3 – Select the Add Manually radio button. Step 4 – In the Resource Name / IP Address field, type either the DNS Host Name or IP Address of the resource. Click Add. Step 5 – Repeat Step 4 for each resource to be onboarded. NOTE: To remove a resource, select it in the table and click Remove. Step 6 – When the table is populated as desired, open the Service Account drop-down menu. Select a previously added service account with credentials for the resources. Step 7 – When service account is assigned, click Add. The Add Resources window closes. The new resource(s) have been onboarded and can be added to Access Policies. Create Resource Import CSV File Resources can be onboarded via a CSV import process. Create a CSV file with the following values: DNS Host Name — Displays the fully qualified domain name for the resource Operating System — Displays the operating system of the resource. This is an optional value. IP Address — Displays the IP address for the resource Platform — Displays the type of platform, which defines the resource. This is an optional value, but it must be an exact match to known platforms on the Platforms Page. Credential — Displays the service account associated with the resource. This is an optional value, but it must be an exact match to known service accounts on the Service Accounts Page. The CSV file must contain one resource per row. Each resource must be identified by either a DNS Host Name or an IP Address. All other values are optional. Download Template There is a template available. Follow the steps to download the template. Step 1 – Navigate to either the Resources dashboard or the Resources page. Step 2 – Click the Add button and select New Server. The Add Resources window will open to onboard new servers. Step 3 – Select the Import from CSV radio button. Step 4 – Click Download CSV Template. The nps-resource-import-template.csv file is downloaded to your browser's default download folder. Example CSV File DNS Host Name,Operating System,IP Address,Platform,Credential NewYork10.nwxtech.com,Windows Server 2019,192.168.13.150,Windows,Windows Demo Wisconsim10.nwxtech.com,Windows Server 2022,192.168.13.155,Windows, Arizona10.nwxtech.com,Windows Server 2019,,, Oregon50.nwxtech.com,,,, ,Windows Server 2019,192.168.13.125,Windows, ,,192.168.13.15,Linux,Linux Demo Texas70.nwxtech.com,,,, Add New Domain Follow the steps to add a domain to the console. Step 1 – Navigate to the Policy > Resources page. Step 2 – Click the Plus icon and select Domain from the drop-down list. Step 3 – Enter the following information: Domain Name – Displays the fully qualified domain name (FQDN) Service account – From the drop-down menu, select a previously added service account with credentials for the domain. See the Service Accounts Page topic for additional information. ◦ Add New Service Account – Open the Add New Service Account window. The fi elds are identical to those on the Service Accounts page. Use TLS – Check to enable a secure connection to the domain Enter the desired frequency for the domain sync. Step 4 – Click Test to verify the connection to the domain. Step 5 – When the connection is verified, the Save button is enabled. Click Save to add the domain to the console. The new domain has been on-boarded. See the Domain Details Page topic for additional information. Add New Website Follow the steps to add a Website Resource to the Privilege Secure Console. Step 1 – Navigate to the Policy > Resources page. Step 2 – Click the Plus icon and select New Website from the drop-down list. Step 3 – Enter the following information: Website Name – Displays the name to be displayed in the Resource list for the website Platform – Website (This field cannot be changed.) Logon URL – Enter the primary logon page for the website. This is only used if no URL is specified when defining a website Activity. Associated Resource – (optional) If the website is hosted on a server that is also managed by Privilege Secure, select the resource from the drop-down list to ensure that AD account operations are performed on the domain controller the website resource is bound to Associated Domain Controller – (optional) A specific domain controller may be selected to ensure that AD account operations are performed on a domain controller the website will reference for authentication Service Account – (optional) The service account used when activity actions require a provisioned account to interact with the resource, e.g. custom PowerShell. From the dropdown menu, select a previously added service account. See the Service Accounts Page topic for additional information. Add New Service Account — Open the Add New Service Account window. The fi elds are identical to those on the Service Accounts page Step 4 – Click Save to add the website to the console. The new website has been onboarded. See the Website Details Page topic for additional information. Add New Microsoft Entra ID Tenant Follow the steps to add Microsoft Entra ID (formerly Azure AD) resource to the Privilege Secure Console. Step 1 – Navigate to the Resources page. Step 2 – Click Add > New Microsoft Entra ID Tenant Step 3 – Enter the following information: Enter Entra ID Name — Displays the name of the resource Platform — Displays the type of platform, which defines the resource Tenant ID — Displays the globally unique identifier for the targeted tenant implementation as found in Entra ID Logon URL — Displays the primary logon page Email Domain — Displays the domain part of the user principal name used by the Tenant as found in Entra ID on the Users page, under “Identity Issuer” Associated Domain — For hybrid Entra ID environments, assign the on-premises Active Directory domain that is synchronized with the tenant, otherwise leave set to None Process Group Memberships — Select this checkbox to enable Netwrix Privilege Secure to collect group membership information. This is unchecked by default. Synchronize Now button — Scans the domain for users, groups, members, and computers. The Cancel button, which is only visible when scanning can be used to stop the resource scan. This scan can also be scheduled from the Platforms Page. Service Account — Displays the service account associated with the resource Visit icon — Go to the Service Account page to view details of the selected service account. Add New Service Account icon — Open the Add New Service Account window. The fields are identical to those on the Service Accounts page. Step 4 – Click Save to add the Microsoft Entra ID Tenant to the console. The new Microsoft Entra ID tenant has been on-boarded. See the Microsoft Entra ID Details Page topic for additional information. Add Secret Vault Follow the steps below to add a new secret vault to the console. Step 1 – Navigate to the Policy > Resources page. Step 2 – Click the Plus icon and select New Secret Vault from the drop-down list. Step 3 – Enter the following information: New Secret Vault Name — Name of the new secret vault Platform — Displays the type of platform, which defines the resource. Description (optional) —Description of the policy Step 4 – Click Save. A secret vault has been onboarded. See the Secret Vault Details Page topic for additional information. CAUTION: Next, you will have to manually enter and update credentials for each applicable user. Credentials are assigned through the Credential-based Access Policy for password release. See the Credentials Tab for Credential Based Access Policies topic for additional information. Secret Vault Configuration This topic walks through the steps necessary to configure a Netwrix Privilege Secure Secret Vault. Secret Vaults can be used to provide Privilege Secure users with access to vaulted secrets. Add a Secret Vault Follow the steps below to add a new Secret Vault. Step 1 – Navigate to the Policy > Resources page. Step 2 – Click the Plus icon and select New Secret Vault from the drop-down list. Step 3 – Enter the following information: New Secret Vault Name — Name of the new secret vault Platform — Displays the type of platform, which defines the resource. Description (optional) — Description of the policy Step 4 – Click Save to create the Secret Vault. Step 5 – Once the Secret Vault is created, select the Accounts tab. Step 6 – Click the Add button to add an account to access the Secret Vault. Step 7 – The Add a Managed Account window will open. Enter the following information: Resource Name Username Password Step 8 – Click Okay to add the account to the Secret Vault. A secret vault has been created, and a secret added to the vault. See the Secret Vault Details Page topic for additional information. NOTE: Vaulted credentials must be manually entered and updated. See the Credentials Tab for Credential Based Access Policies topic for additional information. Create an Access Policy Follow these steps to add a credential-based access policy to Privilege Secure. Remember, a connection profile is required to create an access policy. You can create one ahead of time on the Connection Profiles Page page or use the arrow button to create one during these steps. Step 1 – Navigate to the Policy > Access Policies page. Step 2 – In the Access Policy list, click the Plus icon. Step 3 – Enter the following information: Name – Displays the name of the policy Description – (Optional)Description of the policy Type – Classification of the access policy. Select Credential Based. Connection Profile – Displays the name of the connection profile associated to the access policy Step 4 – Click Save to create the new access policy. Step 5 – On the new access policy, select the Users tab. Step 6 – Click the Add button to add users to the access policy. See the Users Tab for Credential Based Access Policies for additional information. Step 7 – Once the users have been added, select the Credentials tab. Step 8 – Click the Add button to add the necessary credentials to access the Secrete Vault. See the Credentials Tab for Credential Based Access Policies for additional information. The new Secret Vault access policy has been created. Users added to the policy will now have a Credential Release tile on the My Activities page. Add New Database Follow the steps to add a database to the Privilege SecureConsole. Supported database platforms include: Microsoft SQL Oracle Step 1 – Navigate to the Resources page. Step 2 – Click Add > New Database. Step 3 – In the Enter Database Name box, enter a unique name to identify the database. Step 4 – Select Microsoft SQL Server or Oracle from the Platform drop-down list. Step 5 – Enter the instance name for the server. Step 6 – Enter the IP address for the server. Step 7 – Enter the port for the server. The default ports for each database platform are: Microsoft SQL: 1433 Oracle: 1521 Step 8 – Enter the fully qualified domain name (FDQN) for the server. NOTE: The domain is used as the default domain for database activities. Step 9 – From the drop-down menu, select a previously added service account with credentials for the database. See the Service Accounts Page topic for additional information. Visit icon – Go to the Service Account page to view details of the selected service account. ◦ Add New Service Account icon – Open the Add New Service Account window. The fields are identical to those on the Service Accounts page. Step 10 – Click Save to save the configuration options and enable the Scan Now button. Step 11 – Click Scan Now to begin scanning the database. The new database is now added. See the Database Details Page for additional details. Change Platform Window Follow the steps to change the platform type for a host resource. Step 1 – Navigate to the Resources page. Step 2 – Select the resource(s) to modify. Step 3 – Click Change Platform to open the Change Platform window. Step 4 – In the Platform drop-down menu, select a previously added platform. See the Platforms Page topic for additional information. Step 5 – When a platform is entered, the Okay button is enabled. Click Okay to update the platform type for the selected resource(s). CAUTION: The resources remain selected. Before proceeding, make sure that only the correct resources are selected to avoid accidentally changing the settings. Step 6 – Deselect the resources to avoid accidentally changing the settings. The selected resources are updated to the new platform type. Add New Service Account Window Follow the steps to add a new Service Account to a host resource: Step 1 – Navigate to the Resources page. Step 2 – Select a Host resource you want to modify. Step 3 – Click the Green Plus Button to add a new Service Account. Step 4 – Complete the following fields: Service Account Name – Provide the name of the new Service Account Description – Description of the policy Platform – Displays the type of platform, which defines the resource Complete the fields depending on the platform you specified (domain, username, etc.) Vault Connector – select the Vault Connector type Authentication – Provide a password for a new service account The new Service Account has been added to the selected host resource. Change Service Account Window Follow the steps to change the service account for a host resource. Step 1 – Navigate to the Resources page. Step 2 – Select the resource(s) to modify. Step 3 – Click Change Service Account to open the Change Service Account window. Step 4 – In the Service Account drop-down menu, select a previously added service account with credentials for the resource. To add a service account, see the Service Accounts Page topic for additional information. Step 5 – When a service account is entered, the Okay button is enabled. Click Okay to use this service account for the selected resource(s). CAUTION: The resources remain selected. Before proceeding, make sure that only the correct resources are selected to avoid accidentally changing the settings. Step 6 – Deselect the resources to avoid accidentally changing the settings. The selected resources are updated to use the specified service account. Test Resource Connectivity Window Follow the steps to test the host resource connectivity: Step 1 – Navigate to the Resources page. Step 2 – Select the resource(s) to modify. Step 3 – Click the Test button. Step 4 – Review the test status and messages (if any). The selected resources connectivity has been tested. Configure Secure WinRM Connection Window Follow the steps to configure secure WinRM connection for the selected host: Step 1 – Navigate to the Resources page. Step 2 – Select the resource(s) to modify. Step 3 – Click the WinRM Config button. Step 4 – Perform the following steps: Choose certificate source – Select the source to apply the certificate for the secure WinRm connection to the desired host resource. The following options are available: Import certificate from host; Push NPS certificate to host; Generate a new self-signed certificate . Select a certificate – Provide a certificate thumbprint. NOTE: This option is applicable to the host and NPS certificates. If you selected a new selfsigned certificate option, it will be generated automatically and imported to Netwrix Privilege Secure. Step 5 – Click Submit. Secure WinRM connection has been configured for the selected host. Password Reset Options Window The Password Reset option control password resets for the selected account. Click the Password Reset Options button to open the window and configure the following: Select options to rotate the account password when the session starts or ends. When clicking Okay button, the password reset policy is applied to an account. Remove Resource Window Use the Remove Resources window to remove a selected resource from the database. Follow the steps to remove a resource. Step 1 – Navigate to the Resources page. Step 2 – Select the resource(s) to modify. Step 3 – Click Remove to open the Remove Resource window. Step 4 – Select the Remove from Database checkbox to remove the selected resource(s) from the database. NOTE: Selecting this checkbox will remove all records of the resource(s) from the database. It will not prevent the resource from being synced or added again. Step 5 – Click Remove to confirm that you want to remove the selected resource(s). The Remove from Database checkbox does not change the behavior for Database, Website, Entra ID, Domain, and secret vault resources. These resource types will be deleted from the database when you click Remove even if the Remove from Database checkbox is not selected. The Remove from Database checkbox must be selected and confirmed by clicking Remove to remove any Active Directory-related resources. Any non-Acitve Directory related resource whether Remove from Database option is selected or not, will be removed from the Database. Step 6 – Click Okay to remove the selected resource(s). The resource has been removed from the Resource page. Host Details Page The Host Details page shows additional information for the selected host resource. This page is opened from any linked resource within the various interfaces. The details page displays the following information: Name — Displays the name of the resource OS Version — Displays the operating system of the resource Last Scanned — Date timestamp for the last time the resource was scanned Active — Displays the number of active sessions on the resource Scheduled — Displays the number of sessions scheduled for the resource Test button — Opens the Test Resource Connectivity window. See the Test Resource Connectivity Window topic for additional information. Scan Now button — Scans a host resource for local users, groups, windows services, and scheduled tasks. A confirmation window will display.. The Cancel button, which is only visible when scanning can be used to stop the resource scan. This scan can also be scheduled from the Platforms Page. WinRM Config button — Opens the Configure Secure WinRM Connection window. See the Configure Secure WinRM Connection Window topic for additional information. Platform — Displays the type of platform, which defines the resource Service Account — Displays the service account associated with the resource Blue arrow button — Opens the Service Account details page. See the Service Accounts Page topic for additional information. Green plus button — Opens the Add New Service Account window. See the Add New Service Account Window topic for additional information. IP Address — Displays the IP address for the resource SSH Port — Displays the SSH port number RDP Port — Displays the RDP port number WinRM Port — Displays the WinRM port number WinRM HTTPS Port — Displays the WinRM HTTPS port number WinRM Disabled checkbox — If this checkbox is selected, Netwrix Privilege Secure will not attempt to communicate to the target resource via WinRM. This value is determined during the initial host scan of the resource, but will not be automatically changed during subsequent host scans. Trust on Discovery checkbox — If this checkbox is selected, the certificate that is used with WinRM HTTPS will be trusted when the host is first scanned. Otherwise, the NPS administrator needs to manually trust the host. Action on Thumbprint Mismatch — This menu selection determines the course of action when a thumbprint mismatch occurs during a connection to the resource. Allow Connection — This setting will allow a connection to the host. (No event is generated.) Log Event and Allow — This setting will allow a connection to the host and log an event in the Event table. If a SIEM connection is configured, an event will be sent to SIEM as well. Log Event and Block — This setting will block the connection to the host and log an event in the Event table. If a SIEM connection is configured, an event will be sent to SIEM as well. If any of these settings are modified, Save and Cancel buttons are displayed. Click Save to commit the modifications. Click Cancel to discard the modifications. The details page has the following tabs: Sessions Tab for Host Access Policies Tab for Host Protection Policies Tab for Host Users Tab for Host Groups Tab for Host Services Tab for Host Scheduled Tasks Tab for Host History Tab for Host Installed Software Tab for Host Sessions Tab for Host The Sessions tab shows information about the sessions of the selected resource. The Sessions tab has the following features: Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. View Logs — Opens the Session Logs window to view the action log for the selected session. See the Session Logs Window topic for additional information. Refresh — Reload the information displayed The table has the following columns: Requested — Date and time of when the session was created Requested By — User who requested the session. Click the link to view additional details. See the User, Group, & Application Details Page topic for additional information. Login Account — Displays the account used to log onto the resource Activity — Displays the name of the activity. Click the link to view additional details. See the Activities Page topic for additional information. Start — Indicates when the activity started. This refers to when the activity’s actions were executed and not when the user was logged on to the resource. End — Indicates when the session is scheduled to end the activity, which is determined by the start time plus the maximum session duration set by the access policy Connection Profile Status — Shows status information for the session: Waiting for Approval — The session requires approval to begin. See the Approvals Dashboard topic for additional information. Approval Denied — Requested session was denied Approval Failed — Approval request has encountered an error Pending — Session scheduled start time is still in the future, session is waiting to start. See the Scheduled Dashboard topic for additional information. Available — The activity session is ready. Click the icon to begin the session, or log in through a client. See the Start Activity Session topic for additional information. Completed — Activity either reached the end of its scheduled end time or was canceled early by the requestor Canceled — The session is either expired or was canceled manually by the user or an Privilege Secure administrator. Failed — Pre-Session stage of the Activity has encountered an error Locked — The session has been locked by an Privilege Secure administrator. See the Lock Session topic for additional information. The table columns can be resized and sorted in ascending or descending order. Access Policies Tab for Host The Access Policies tab shows information about the policies associated with the selected resource. The Access Policies tab has the following features: Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. Refresh — Reload the information displayed The table has the following columns: Name — Displays the name of the policy. Click the link to view additional details. See the Access Policy Page topic for additional information. Description — Description of the policy The table columns can be resized and sorted in ascending or descending order. Protection Policies Tab for Host The Protection Policies tab shows information about the protection policies associated with the selected resource. The Protection Policies tab has the following feature: Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. The table has the following columns: Name — Displays the name of the policy. Click the link to view additional details. See the Protection Policies Page topic for additional information. Description — Description of the policy The table columns can be resized and sorted in ascending or descending order. Users Tab for Host The Users tab shows information about the local users on the selected resource. The Users tab has the following features: Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. Filter — Provides options to filter results based on a chosen criterion: Managed and Not Onboarded Manage — Set the selected account to be managed by Privilege Secure. This button is only available when the account Managed Type is Standard or Internal. For an Internal account, a pop up window will display.. Password rotation can be set to automatic or manual for managed accounts. Unmanage — Remove the account from being managed by Privilege Secure Schedule Rotation — Add the credential rotation task to the queue. This button is only available when the Method is Automatic managed. Verify — Checks that the credentials for the selected account match the credentials set by Privilege Secure View History — Opens the Password History window to displays the password history for the account Password Reset Options — Customize password rotation options. This option is only available for managed accounts. See Password Reset Options Window topic for additional information. Refresh — Reload the information displayed The table has the following columns: Checkbox — Check to select one or more items Name — Displays the name of the account User Name — Displays the sAMAccountName for the account Privilege — Level of privilege the account has on the resource Last Login — Date timestamp for the last time the user logged into the application Password Changed — Date timestamp for the last time the password was rotated Age — Number of days since the last credential rotation or from when the password was first created Managed — Indicates if the account is managed by Privilege Secure. See the Credentials Page topic for additional information. Rotate Start | End — Indicates if the account will have a password rotation on session start, end, both, or neither Dependents — Number of scheduled tasks or Windows services using this account. Status — Indicates if the account credentials have been verified by Privilege Secure. See the Platforms Page topic for additional information on configuring a verification schedule. Unspecified — Verification check has not run Verified — Confirmed the credentials match the value stored in Privilege Secure Mismatch — Credentials do not match the value stored in Privilege Secure. This status only appears when the Reset on Mismatch option is not enabled. Changed — Credentials were successfully updated to match the value stored in Privilege Secure. This status only appears when the Reset on Mismatch option is enabled. Failed — Attempt to update the credentials to match the value stored in Privilege Secure was unsuccessful. This status only appears when the Reset on Mismatch option is enabled. Last Checked — Date timestamp of the last verification check Next Change — Date timestamp for the next credential password rotation Schedule — Shows the schedule policy used to change the password of a manged account, the credential rotation. See the Schedule Policies Page topic for additional information. Complexity — Indicates the password complexity policy used for the account. See the Password Complexity Page topic for additional information. The table columns can be resized and sorted in ascending or descending order. Groups Tab for Host The Groups tab shows information about the local groups on the selected resource. The table has the following columns: Group Name — Displays the name of the group Members — List of accounts with group membership The table columns can be resized and sorted in ascending or descending order. Services Tab for Host The Services tab shows information about the services running on the selected resource. The Services tab has the following features: Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. Type — Provides options to filter results based on a chosen criterion: Managed and Unmanaged Refresh — Reload the information displayed The table has the following columns: Service Name — Displays the short name of the service Display Name — Displays the long name of the service Description — Description of the policy Startup Type — Indicates if the service is started manually or automatically Log On As — Account used to run the service The table columns can be resized and sorted in ascending or descending order. Scheduled Tasks Tab for Host The Scheduled Tasks tab shows information about the tasks that are scheduled to run on the selected resource. The Scheduled Tasks tab has the following features: Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. Filter — Provides options to filter results based on a chosen criterion: Managed and Unmanaged Refresh — Reload the information displayed The table has the following columns: Task Name — Displays the name of the task Run As Account — Account used to run the task Managed — Indicates if the account is managed by Privilege Secure. See the Credentials Page topic for additional information. Description — Description of the policy The table columns can be resized and sorted in ascending or descending order. History Tab for Host The History tab shows information about the session history of the selected resource. The History tab has the following features: Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. View Logs — Opens the Session Logs window to view the action log for the selected session. See the Session Logs Window topic for additional information. Refresh — Reload the information displayed The table has the following columns: Status — Shows status information for the session: Information — Session was successful and row contains details Warning — Session was successful but there were non-critical issues detected Error — Session had an error and row contains details Time — Date timestamp for when the event occurred User — User who requested the session. Click the link to view additional details. See the User, Group, & Application Details Page topic for additional information. Access Policy — Displays the name of the policy. Click the link to view additional details. See the Access Policy Page topic for additional information. Event Message — Description of the event Session ID — Unique identifier for the session The table columns can be resized and sorted in ascending or descending order. Installed Software Tab for Host The Installed Software tab shows information about the software installed on the selected host resource. The History tab has the following features: Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. Refresh — Reload the information displayed The table has the following columns: Software Name — Displays the name of the software installed Version — Displays the software version number Description — Description of the policy The table columns can be resized and sorted in ascending or descending order. Domain Details Page The Domain Details page shows additional information for the selected domain resource. This page is opened from any linked resource within the various interfaces. The details page shows the following information: Name — Displays the name of the resource Trashcan icon — Removes the selected resource from being managed by the application. A confirmation window will display. Users — Number of user objects in the domain Groups — Number of group objects in the domain Members — Number of users that are members of groups Computers — Number of computer objects in the domain Last Synchronized — Date timestamp for the last time the domain was synchronized Status — Shows status information for the synchronization: Complete — Synchronization completed successfully Processing — Synchronization is actively occurring Failed — Synchronization failed to complete Cancelled — Synchronization was cancelled by an Administrator Synchronize Now button — Scans the domain for users, groups, members, and computers. The Cancel button, which is only visible when scanning can be used to stop the resource scan. This scan can also be scheduled from the Platforms Page. Platform — Displays the type of platform, which defines the resource Service Account — Displays the service account associated with the resource Use TLS checkbox — Enables a secure connection to the domain Frequency — Indicates how often the synchronization task will run: Never, Hourly, Daily, or Weekly. Options open additional fields: Hourly — Opens the Every field for selecting specific hour ranges Daily— Opens the At field for indicating the start time of the daily synchronization Weekly— Opens the On and At fields for indicating the day of the week and start time of the weekly synchronization Test button — Tests the settings by attempting to connect If any of these settings are modified, Save and Cancel buttons are displayed. Click Save to commit the modifications. Click Cancel to discard the modifications. The details page has the following tabs: Users Tab for Domain Groups Tab for Domain Computers Tab for Domain History Tab for Domain Sync Errors Tab for Domain Users Tab for Domain The Users tab shows information about the domain users on the selected resource. The Users tab has the following features: Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. Filter — Provides options to filter results based on a chosen criterion: Users, Admin, Managed, and Not Onboarded Add to NPS User Role — Onboards the selected account, granting the Privilege Secure User role Remove NPS Role — Removes console access from the selected account Manage — Set the selected account to be managed by Privilege Secure. This button is only available when the account Managed Type is Standard or Internal. For an Internal account, a pop up window will display.. Password rotation can be set to automatic or manual for managed accounts. Unmanage — Remove the account from being managed by Privilege Secure Schedule Rotation — Add the credential rotation task to the queue. This button is only available when the Method is Automatic managed. Verify — Checks that the credentials for the selected account match the credentials set by Privilege Secure View History — Opens the Password History window to displays the password history for the account Password Reset Options — Customize password rotation options. This option is only available for managed accounts. See Password Reset Options Window for additional information. Refresh — Reload the information displayed The table has the following columns: Checkbox — Check to select one or more items Name — Displays the name of the account User Name — Displays the sAMAccountName for the account Privilege — Level of privilege the account has on the resource Last Login — Date timestamp for the last time the user logged into the application Password Changed — Date timestamp for the last time the password was rotated Age — Number of days since the last credential rotation or from when the password was first created NPS Role — Indicates the assigned Privilege Secure role Managed — Indicates if the account is managed by Privilege Secure. See the Credentials Page topic for additional information. Rotate Start | End — Indicates if the account will have a password rotation on session start, end, both, or neither Dependents — Number of scheduled tasks or Windows services using this account. Status — Indicates if the account credentials have been verified by Privilege Secure. See the Platforms Page topic for additional information on configuring a verification schedule. Unspecified — Verification check has not run Verified — Confirmed the credentials match the value stored in Privilege Secure Mismatch — Credentials do not match the value stored in Privilege Secure. This status only appears when the Reset on Mismatch option is not enabled. Changed — Credentials were successfully updated to match the value stored in Privilege Secure. This status only appears when the Reset on Mismatch option is enabled. Failed — Attempt to update the credentials to match the value stored in Privilege Secure was unsuccessful. This status only appears when the Reset on Mismatch option is enabled. Last Checked — Date timestamp of the last verification check Next Change — Date timestamp for the next credential password rotation Schedule — Shows the schedule policy used to change the password of a manged account, the credential rotation. See the Schedule Policies Page topic for additional information. Complexity — Indicates the password complexity policy used for the account. See the Password Complexity Page topic for additional information. The table columns can be resized and sorted in ascending or descending order. Groups Tab for Domain The Groups tab shows information about the domain groups on the selected resource. The Groups tab has the following features: Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. Type — Provides options to filter results based on a chosen criterion: Not Enrolled, Can Log In, and Admin Add to NPS User Role — Onboards the selected account, granting the Privilege Secure User role Remove NPS Role — Removes console access from the selected account Refresh — Reload the information displayed The table has the following columns: Checkbox — Check to select one or more items Name — Displays the name of the group NPS Role — Indicates the assigned Privilege Secure role Group Name (Pre-Windows 2000) — Displays the sAMAccountName for the account Description — Description of the policy Distinguished Name — Displays the distinguished name of the object The table columns can be resized and sorted in ascending or descending order. Computers Tab for Domain The Computers tab shows information about the domain computer objects on the selected resource. The Computers tab has the following features: Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. Type — Provides options to filter results based on a chosen criterion: Resource and Not On-boarded Add as NPS Managed Resource — Opens the Enroll Hosts in Management window to onboards the selected resource. See Enroll Hosts in Management Window for additional information. Remove as NPS Managed Resource — Removes the selected resource from being managed by the application. A confirmation window will display. Refresh — Reload the information displayed The table has the following columns: Checkbox — Check to select one or more items Name — Displays the name of the group NPS Managed — Indicates if the resource is being managed by Privilege Secure Operating System — Displays the operating system of the resource DC — Indicates if the resource is a domain controller DNS Host Name — Displays the DNS host name for a host resource or the FQDN for a domain resource Distinguished Name — Displays the distinguished name of the object Service Account — Displays the service account associated with the resource The table columns can be resized and sorted in ascending or descending order. Enroll Hosts in Management Window Follow these steps to add a computer as NPS Managed Resource: Step 1 – Navigate to Resources page. Step 2 – Select Domain resource. Step 3 – Navigate to Computers tab and select the required computer in the list. Step 4 – Click the Add as NPS Managed Resource button. Step 5 – Provide the Service Account in the Use Service Account field. Step 6 – Click Okay. Now this computer is added as NPS Managed Resource. History Tab for Domain The History tab shows information about the synchronization history of the selected resource. The History tab has the following features: Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. Type — Provides options to filter results based on a chosen criterion: Status — Filter by status message type: All Statuses, Information, Warning, and Error Event Type — Filter by event type: Unspecified, Status, Service Start, Password Rotation, Host Scan, AD Sync, and Activity Session Service Type — Filter by service type: Unspecified, Web UI, Action Service, Proxy Service, Schedule Service, and Email Service Refresh — Reload the information displayed The table has the following columns: Occurred — Date timestamp for when the event occurred Status — Shows status information for the synchronization: Information — Session was successful and row contains details Warning — Session was successful but there were non-critical issues detected Error — Session had an error and row contains details Event Type — Displays the type of event that occurred Service Type — Displays the type of service Event Message — Description of the event The table columns can be resized and sorted in ascending or descending order. Sync Errors Tab for Domain The Sync Errors tab displays the synchronization error log for the selected resource. The table has the following columns: Time — Date timestamp for when the event occurred Message — Description of the event The table columns can be resized and sorted in ascending or descending order. Website Details Page The Website Details page shows additional information for the selected website resource. This page is opened from any linked resource within the various interfaces. The details page shows the following information: Name — Displays the name of the resource Trashcan icon — Removes the selected resource from being managed by the application. A confirmation window will display. Platform — Displays the type of platform, which defines the resource Logon URL — Displays the primary logon page. This is only used if no URL is s pecified when defining a website activity. Associated Resource — If the website is hosted on a server that is also managed by Privilege Secure, it may be associated to the website management. This ensures that AD account operations are performed on the domain controller the website resource is bound to. Associated Domain Controller — A specific domain controller may be associated to the website management. This ensures that AD account operations are performed on a domain controller the website will reference for authentication. Service Account — Displays the service account associated with the resource Blue arrow button — Opens the Service Account details page. See the Service Accounts Page topic for additional information. Green plus button — Opens the Add New Service Account window. See the Add New Service Account Window topic for additional information. If any of these settings are modified, Save and Cancel buttons are displayed. Click Save to commit the modifications. Click Cancel to discard the modifications. The details page has the following tabs: URLs Tab for Website Users Tab for Website Sessions Tab for Website Access Policies Tab for Website History Tab for Website URLs Tab for Website The URLs tab shows information about the URLs associated to the selected resource. For example: https://company.lightning.force.com and https://salesforce.com are both URLs associated to the same website. The URLs tab has the following features: Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. Add — Opens the Add Website URL window. See the Add Website URL Window topic for additional information. Edit — Opens the Edit Website URL window. See Edit Website URL for additional information. Remove — Removes the selected item Refresh — Reload the information displayed The table has the following columns: Checkbox — Check to select one or more items URL — Displays the URL or string Match Type — Indicates the match parameter for the URL: Domain — Match will be made on the domain name Exact — Match will only be made if the URL is an exact match Never — Match will not be made to URL Starts With — Match is only made when the URL starts with the value Regex — Match will be made on the valid regex string Host — Match will be made on the host name (FQDN) The table columns can be resized and sorted in ascending or descending order. Add Website URL Window Follow the steps to add or edit a Website URL used by a resource. NOTE: Only applicable to Microsoft Entra ID and Website resources. Step 1 – Navigate to the Resources page. Step 2 – Click the name of the desired resource to open the Resource Details page and select the URLs tab. Step 3 – Do the following: To add a new URL, click Add. Step 4 – Enter the following information: URL — The URL or string to match Match Type — A Match Type is required: Domain — A match will be made on the domain name Exact — A match will only be made if the URL exactly matches Never — Never match the URL StartsWith — Only match if the URL starts with this value Regex — Match based upon valid regex string Host — Match based upon host name (FQDN) Step 5 – Click Save to accept changes. The URL is added to the resource and shown on the URLs tab. Users Tab for Website The Users tab shows information about the users on the selected resource. Manually managed user accounts can be added to the website resource. These accounts are used for activities on the resource. The format in the Username field must be identical to the username format specified in the “Login Account Template” field of the activity. See the Activities Page topic for additional information. The Users tab has the following features: Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. Add — Opens the Add a Managed User window. See the Add a Managed User Window topic for additional information. Edit — Opens the Edit a Managed User window. See Edit a Managed User for additional information. Delete — Removes the selected item from the resource. A confirmation window will display. Refresh — Reload the information displayed The table has the following columns: Checkbox — Check to select one or more items Name — Displays the name of the account User Name — Displays the account name in the exact format specified in the “Login Account Template” field of the Activity, e.g. domain\user or user@domain.com. See the Activities Page topic for additional information. Created — Date timestamp when the account was created The table columns can be resized and sorted in ascending or descending order. Add a Managed User Window Manually managed user accounts may be added to the website resource. These accounts can be used for activities on the resource by specifying the username value in the “Login Account Template” field of the Activity. See the Activities Page topic for additional information. Follow the steps to add or edit a managed user account for the resource. NOTE: Only applicable to Website resources. Step 1 – Navigate to the Resources page. Step 2 – Click the name of the desired resource to open the Resource Details page and select the Users tab. Step 3 – Do the following: To add a new managed user, click Add. To modify an existing managed user, select the User from the list and click Edit. Step 4 – Specify the username/password combination that will be used to log users onto the website. Enter the following information: Display Name – The friendly name for the account Username – The account in the exact format specified in the “Login Account Template” field of the Activity, e.g. domain\user or user@domain.com. See the Activities Page topic for additional information. Password – Contains the service account password. The Eye icon can be used to view the password. Step 5 – Click Okay to accept changes. The managed user is added to the resource and shown on the Users tab. Sessions Tab for Website The Sessions tab shows information about the sessions of the selected resource. The Sessions tab has the following features: Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. View Logs — Opens the Session Logs window to view the action log for the selected session. See the Session Logs Window topic for additional information. Refresh — Reload the information displayed The table has the following columns: Requested — Date and time of when the session was created Requested By — User who requested the session. Click the link to view additional details. See the User, Group, & Application Details Page topic for additional information. Login Account — Displays the account used to log onto the resource Activity — Displays the name of the activity. Click the link to view additional details. See the Activities Page topic for additional information. Start — Indicates when the activity started. This refers to when the activity’s actions were executed and not when the user was logged on to the resource. End — Indicates when the session is scheduled to end the activity, which is determined by the start time plus the maximum session duration set by the access policy Connection Profile Status — Shows status information for the session: Waiting for Approval — The session requires approval to begin. See the Approvals Dashboard topic for additional information. Approval Denied — Requested session was denied Approval Failed — Approval request has encountered an error Pending — Session scheduled start time is still in the future, session is waiting to start. See the Scheduled Dashboard topic for additional information. Available — The activity session is ready. Click the icon to begin the session, or log in through a client. See the Start Activity Session topic for additional information. Completed — Activity either reached the end of its scheduled end time or was canceled early by the requestor Canceled — The session is either expired or was canceled manually by the user or an Privilege Secure administrator. Failed — Pre-Session stage of the Activity has encountered an error Locked — The session has been locked by an Privilege Secure administrator. See the Lock Session topic for additional information. The table columns can be resized and sorted in ascending or descending order. Access Policies Tab for Website The Access Policies tab shows information about the policies associated with the selected resource. The Access Policies tab has the following features: Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. Refresh — Reload the information displayed The table has the following columns: Name — Displays the name of the policy. Click the link to view additional details. See the Access Policy Page topic for additional information. Description — Description of the policy The table columns can be resized and sorted in ascending or descending order. History Tab for Website The History tab shows information about the session history of the selected resource. The History tab has the following features: Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. View Logs — Opens the Session Logs window to view the action log for the selected session. See the Session Logs Window topic for additional information. Refresh — Reload the information displayed The table has the following columns: Status — Shows status information for the session: Information — Session was successful and row contains details Error — Session had an error and row contains details Time — Date timestamp for when the event occurred User — User who requested the session. Click the link to view additional details. See the User, Group, & Application Details Page topic for additional information. Access Policy — Displays the name of the policy Event Message — Description of the event Session ID — Unique identifier for the session The table columns can be resized and sorted in ascending or descending order. Microsoft Entra ID Details Page The Microsoft Entra ID (formerly Azure AD) Details page shows additional information for the selected Microsoft Entra ID Tenant resource. This page is opened from any linked resource within the various interfaces. The details page shows the following information: Name — Displays the name of the resource Trashcan icon — Removes the selected resource from being managed by the application. A confirmation window will display. Platform — Displays the type of platform, which defines the resource Tenant ID — Displays the globally unique identifier for the targeted tenant implementation as found in Entra ID Logon URL — Displays the primary logon page Email Domain — Displays the domain part of the user principal name used by the Tenant as found in Entra ID on the Users page, under “Identity Issuer” Associated Domain — For hybrid Entra ID environments, assign the on-premises Active Directory domain that is synchronized with the tenant, otherwise leave set to None Process Group Memberships — Select this checkbox to enable Netwrix Privilege Secure to collect group membership information. This is unchecked by default. Synchronize Now button — Scans the domain for users, groups, members, and computers. The Cancel button, which is only visible when scanning can be used to stop the resource scan. This scan can also be scheduled from the Platforms Page. Service Account — Displays the service account associated with the resource If any of these settings are modified, Save and Cancel buttons are displayed. Click Save to commit the modifications. Click Cancel to discard the modifications. The details page has the following tabs: URLs Tab for Microsoft Entra ID Users Tab for Microsoft Entra ID Groups Tab for Microsoft Entra ID Sessions Tab for Microsoft Entra ID Access Policies Tab for Microsoft Entra ID History Tab for Microsoft Entra ID Applications Tab for Microsoft Entra ID URLs Tab for Microsoft Entra ID The URLs tab for Microsoft Entra ID (formerly Azure AD) shows information about the URLs associated to the selected resource. URLs are correlated to launching activities in the browser extension. If a given site is not listed here, the activity login may fail as it is not an authorized site for login. The URLs tab has the following features: Add — Opens the Add Website URL window. See the Add Website URL Window topic for additional information. Edit — Opens the Edit Website URL window. See Edit Website URL for additional information. Remove — Removes the selected item Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. Refresh — Reload the information displayed The table has the following columns: Checkbox — Check to select one or more items URL — Displays the URL or string Match Type — Indicates the match parameter for the URL: Domain — Match will be made on the domain name Exact — Match will only be made if the URL is an exact match Never — Match will not be made to URL Starts With — Match is only made when the URL starts with the value Regex — Match will be made on the valid regex string Host — Match will be made on the host name (FQDN) The table columns can be resized and sorted in ascending or descending order. Users Tab for Microsoft Entra ID The Users tab for Microsoft Entra ID (formerly Azure AD) shows information about the users on the selected resource. NOTE: Users in hybrid environments will be associated with the on-premises Active Directory domain resource (if the on-premises domain has been synced by Privilege Secure). This view will show cloud-only EntraID users. The Users tab has the following features: Manage — Set the selected account to be managed by Privilege Secure. This button is only available when the account Managed Type is Standard or Internal. For an Internal account, a pop up window will display.. Password rotation can be set to automatic or manual for managed accounts. Unmanage — Remove the account from being managed by Privilege Secure Schedule Rotation — Add the credential rotation task to the queue. This button is only available when the Method is Automatic managed. Verify — Checks that the credentials for the selected account match the credentials set by Privilege Secure View History — Opens the Password History window to displays the password history for the account Password Reset Options — Customize password rotation options. This option is only available for managed accounts. See the Password Reset Options Window topic for additional information. Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. Refresh — Reload the information displayed The table has the following columns: Checkbox — Check to select one or more items Name — Displays the name of the account User Principal Name — Displays the UPN value for the account Last Login — Date timestamp for the last time the user logged into the application Password Last Set — Date timestamp for the last time the password was set Age — Number of days since the last credential rotation or from when the password was first created Managed — Indicates if the account is managed by Privilege Secure. See the Credentials Page topic for additional information. Rotate Start | End — Indicates if the account will have a password rotation on session start, end, both, or neither Status — Indicates if the account credentials have been verified by Privilege Secure. See the Platforms Page topic for additional information on configuring a verification schedule. Unspecified — Verification check has not run Verified — Confirmed the credentials match the value stored in Privilege Secure Mismatch — Credentials do not match the value stored in Privilege Secure. This status only appears when the Reset on Mismatch option is not enabled. Changed — Credentials were successfully updated to match the value stored in Privilege Secure. This status only appears when the Reset on Mismatch option is enabled. Failed — Attempt to update the credentials to match the value stored in Privilege Secure was unsuccessful. This status only appears when the Reset on Mismatch option is enabled. Last Checked — Date timestamp of the last verification check The table columns can be resized and sorted in ascending or descending order. Groups Tab for Microsoft Entra ID The Groups tab for Microsoft Entra ID (formerly Azure AD) shows information about the groups on the selected resource. NOTE: Groups in hybrid environments will be associated with the on-premises Active Directory domain resource (if the on-premises domain has been synced by Privilege Secure). This view will show cloud-only EntraID groups. The table has the following columns: Group Name — Displays the name of the group The table columns can be resized and sorted in ascending or descending order. Sessions Tab for Microsoft Entra ID The Sessions tab for Microsoft Entra ID (formerly Azure AD) shows information about the sessions of the selected resource. The Sessions tab has the following features: Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. View Logs — Opens the Session Logs window to view the action log for the selected session. See the Session Logs Window topic for additional information. Refresh — Reload the information displayed The table has the following columns: Requested — Date and time of when the session was created Requested By — User who requested the session. See the User, Group, & Application Details Page topic for additional information. Login Account — Displays the account used to log onto the resource Activity — Displays the name of the activity. See the Activities Page topic for additional information. Start — Indicates when the activity started. This refers to when the activity’s actions were executed and not when the user was logged on to the resource. End — Indicates when the session is scheduled to end the activity, which is determined by the start time plus the maximum session duration set by the access policy Connection Profile Status — Shows status information for the session: Waiting for Approval — The session requires approval to begin. See the Approvals Dashboard topic for additional information. Approval Denied — Requested session was denied Approval Failed — Approval request has encountered an error Pending — Session scheduled start time is still in the future, session is waiting to start. See the Scheduled Dashboard topic for additional information. Available — The activity session is ready. Click the icon to begin the session, or log in through a client. See the Start Activity Session topic for additional information. Completed — Activity either reached the end of its scheduled end time or was canceled early by the requestor Canceled — The session is either expired or was canceled manually by the user or an Privilege Secure administrator. Failed — Pre-Session stage of the Activity has encountered an error Locked — The session has been locked by an Privilege Secure administrator. See the Lock Session topic for additional information. The table columns can be resized and sorted in ascending or descending order. Access Policies Tab for Microsoft Entra ID The Access Policies tab Sessions Tab for Microsoft Entra ID shows information about the policies associated with the selected resource. The Access Policies tab has the following features: Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. Refresh — Reload the information displayed The table has the following columns: Name — Displays the name of the policy. See the Access Policy Page topic for additional information. Description — Description of the policy The table columns can be resized and sorted in ascending or descending order. History Tab for Microsoft Entra ID The History tab Access Policies tab for Microsoft Entra ID (formerly Azure AD) shows information about the session history of the selected resource. The History tab has the following features: Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. View Logs — Opens the Session Logs window to view the action log for the selected session. See the Session Logs Window topic for additional information. Refresh — Reload the information displayed The table has the following columns: Status — Shows status information for the session: Information — Session was successful and row contains details Warning — Session was successful but there were non-critical issues detected Error — Session had an error and row contains details Time — Date timestamp for when the event occurred User — User who requested the session. See the User, Group, & Application Details Page topic for additional information. Access Policy — Displays the name of the policy Event Message — Description of the event Session ID — Unique identifier for the session The table columns can be resized and sorted in ascending or descending order. Applications Tab for Microsoft Entra ID The Applications tab for Microsoft Entra ID (formerly Azure AD) shows information about the applications installed on the selected resource. The Applications tab has the following features: Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. Refresh — Reload the information displayed The table has the following columns: Application Name — Displays the name of the application Description — Description of the policy The table columns can be resized and sorted in ascending or descending order. Secret Vault Details Page The Secret Vault Details page shows additional information for the selected Secret Vault resource. This page is opened from any linked resource within the various interfaces. Secret Vaults are used to store any manually-managed resource, username, or password combination. Credentials are assigned via Credential Based access policies for password release. See the Credentials Tab for Credential Based Access Policies topic for additional information. The details page shows the following information: Name — Displays the name of the resource Trashcan icon — Removes the selected resource from being managed by the application. A confirmation window will display. Platform — Displays the type of platform, which defines the resource Description — Description of the policy If any of these settings are modified, Save and Cancel buttons are displayed. Click Save to commit the modifications. Click Cancel to discard the modifications. The details page has the following tabs: Accounts Tab for Secret Vault Sessions Tab for Secret Vault History Tab for Secret Vault Accounts Tab for Secret Vault The Accounts tab shows information about the accounts associated to the selected resource. The Accounts tab has the following features: Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. Add — Opens the Add a Managed Account window. See the Add a Managed Account Window topic for additional information. Edit — Opens the Edit a Managed Account window. See the Edit a Managed Account Window topic for additional information. Delete — Removes the selected item. A confirmation window will appear. Refresh — Reload the information displayed The table has the following columns: Checkbox — Check to select one or more items Resource — Name of the resource that the account is on Username — Displays the name of the account Created — Date timestamp when the account was added to the secret vault The table columns can be resized and sorted in ascending or descending order. Add a Managed Account Window Follow the steps below to add a managed account to the secret vault. Step 1 – Click the Add button. Step 2 – Enter the following information: Resource Name —Displays the name of the resource Username — Displays the name of the account Password (optional) — Contains the service account password. The Eye icon can be used to view the password. Step 3 – Click Okay when finished. A managed account has been added to the secret vault. Edit a Managed Account Window Follow the steps below to edit a managed account in a secret vault. Step 1 – Select a resource from the results list. Step 2 – Click Edit. Step 3 – Enter the following information: Resource Name —Displays the name of the resource Username — Displays the name of the account Change Password (optional) — Contains the service account password. The Eye icon can be used to view the password. Step 4 – Click Okay when finished. Managed account credentials have been updated. Sessions Tab for Secret Vault The Sessions tab shows information about the sessions of the selected resource. The Sessions tab has the following features: Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. View Logs — Opens the Session Logs window to view the action log for the selected session. See the Session Logs Window topic for additional information. Refresh — Reload the information displayed The table has the following columns: Requested — Date and time of when the session was created Requested By — User who requested the session. Click the link to view additional details. See the User, Group, & Application Details Page topic for additional information. Login Account — Displays the account used to log onto the resource Activity — Displays the name of the activity. Click the link to view additional details. See the Activities Page topic for additional information. Start — Indicates when the activity started. This refers to when the activity’s actions were executed and not when the user was logged on to the resource. End — Indicates when the session is scheduled to end the activity, which is determined by the start time plus the maximum session duration set by the access policy Connection Profile Status — Shows status information for the session: Waiting for Approval — The session requires approval to begin. See the Approvals Dashboard topic for additional information. Approval Denied — Requested session was denied Approval Failed — Approval request has encountered an error Pending — Session scheduled start time is still in the future, session is waiting to start. See the Scheduled Dashboard topic for additional information. Available — The activity session is ready. Click the icon to begin the session, or log in through a client. See the Start Activity Session topic for additional information. Completed — Activity either reached the end of its scheduled end time or was canceled early by the requestor Canceled — The session is either expired or was canceled manually by the user or an Privilege Secure administrator. Failed — Pre-Session stage of the Activity has encountered an error Locked — The session has been locked by an Privilege Secure administrator. See the Lock Session topic for additional information. The table columns can be resized and sorted in ascending or descending order. History Tab for Secret Vault The History tab shows information about the session history of the selected resource. The History tab has the following features: Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. View Logs — Opens the Session Logs window to view the action log for the selected session. See the Session Logs Window topic for additional information. Refresh — Reload the information displayed The table has the following columns: Status — Shows status information for the session: Information — Session was successful and row contains details Error — Session had an error and row contains details Time — Date timestamp for when the event occurred User — User who requested the session. Click the link to view additional details. See the User, Group, & Application Details Page topic for additional information. Access Policy — Displays the name of the policy Event Message — Description of the event Session ID — Unique identifier for the session The table columns can be resized and sorted in ascending or descending order. Database Details Page The Database Details page displays information for the selected database resource. This page is opened from any linked resource within the various interfaces. The Database Details page shows the following information: Name — Displays the name of the resource Trashcan icon — Removes the selected resource from being managed by the application. A confirmation window will display. Platform — Displays the type of platform, which defines the resource Server — The instance name for the server IP Address — Displays the IP address for the resource Port — The port for the server Domain — Displays the fully qualified domain name (FQDN) NOTE: The domain is used as the default domain for database activities. Service Account — Displays the service account associated with the resource. See the Service Accounts Page topic for additional information. Scan Now button — Scans the domain for users, groups, members, and computers. The Cancel button, which is only visible when scanning can be used to stop the resource scan. This scan can also be scheduled from the Platforms Page. Status — During synchronization, the button displays as spinning If any of these settings are modified, Save and Cancel buttons are displayed. Click Save to commit the modifications. Click Cancel to discard the modifications. The database details page has the following tabs: Users – Displays database login accounts that are not domain users or local computer users Groups – Displays login accounts that are domain users or local computer accounts Databases – Displays a list of discovered databases See the Databases Tab topic for additional information. Roles – Displays roles and who has those roles on the database and at the server level Sessions – Displays previous sessions that have used this resource as a target Access Policies – Displays a list of access policies that this resource belongs to History – Displays previous sessions with events that are related to this resource Databases Tab The Databases tab shows information about the server database on the selected resource. The Databases tab has the following features: Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. The table has the following columns: Database Name — Displays the name of the database Members — List of accounts with group membership Status — Shows status information for the database The table columns can be resized and sorted in ascending or descending order. Resource Groups Page The Resources Groups page is accessible from the Navigation pane under Resources. It shows the configured all configured resource groups and their details. Resources can be organized into groups to make it easier to manage common settings across them. The pane on the left side of the page displays a list of the configured resource groups. This pane has the following features: Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. Blue + button — Create a resource group. See the Add a Resource Group topic for additional information. Copy icon — Duplicates the resource group. Icon appears when group is hovered over. Trashcan icon — Deletes the resource group. Icon appears when group is hovered over. A confirmation window will display. The selected resource group details display at the top of the main pane. The following details vary based on the type of resource group: Name — Displays the name of the group Map to OU checkbox — Indicates if the group is mapped to an OU. The following settings are enabled when checked: Sync Now button — Maps the specified OU to the group. A confirmation dialog is displayed to allow the user the option to either Sync Now or Cancel. OU FQDN — Displays the fully qualified domain name of the OU if mapping is enabled Include Child OUs checkbox — Indicates if child OUs of the specified OU are included in the mapping Auto-Onboard checkbox — Indicates if Privilege Secure automatically manages any resources found in the OU Notification Emails — Displays a comma-delimited list email recipients to notify of events on the resources in the selected group Manage Local Administrator Accounts — Indicates whether or not local Administrator accounts on resources in this group should be automatically managed when the resource is on-boarded. The account to be managed will correspond with the Built-in Account fi eld on the resource's platform. See the Platforms Page topic for additional information. Off (Do Not Manage Accounts) — Do not manage any Local Administrator accounts on the resources in the selected group On (Manage All Accounts) — Manage all Local Administrator accounts on the resources in the selected group Per Individual Resource — Set whether the Local Administrator accounts will be managed on a per resource basis If any of these settings are modified, Save and Cancel buttons are displayed. Click Save to commit the modifications. Click Cancel to discard the modifications. The table has the following features: Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. Add — Opens the Add Resources window. See the Add Resources Window for Resource Group topic for additional information. Remove — Removes the selected item from the group Manage — Set the selected account to be managed by Privilege Secure. This button is only available when the account Managed Type is Standard or Internal. For an Internal account, a pop up window will display.. Password rotation can be set to automatic or manual for managed accounts. Unmanage — Remove the account from being managed by Privilege Secure Change Platform — Opens the Change Platform window to modify the type of platform for the selected host resource. See the Change Platform Window topic for additional information. Change Service Account — Opens the Change Service Account window to modify the service account associated with the selected host resource. See the Change Service Account Window topic for additional information. Schedule Rotation — Add the credential rotation task to the queue. This button is only available when the Method is Automatic managed. Refresh — Reload the information displayed The table has the following columns: Checkbox — Check to select one or more items Local Admin — Indicates if the account is managed by Privilege Secure Resource — Name of the resource Operating System— Displays the operating system of the resource DNS Host Name — Displays the DNS host name for a host resource or the FQDN for a domain resource IP Address — Displays the IP address for the resource Service Account — Displays the service account associated with the resource Last Scanned — Date timestamp for the last time the resource was scanned Default Resource Groups The following resource groups are available by default, and resources are automatically added to these groups: Cisco — Contains all resources with Cisco assigned as the Platform. This value is determined during initial onboarding of the resource, or can be configured manually on the Resource after it has been onboarded. Linux — Contains all resources with Linux assigned as the Platform. This value is determined during initial onboarding of the resource, or can be configured manually on the Resource after it has been onboarded. Website — Contains all resources with Website assigned as the Platform. This value is assigned to any Website resource upon being added. Windows — Contains all resources with Windows assigned as the Platform. This value is determined during initial onboarding of the resource, or can be configured manually on the Resource after it has been onboarded. Add a Resource Group Follow the steps to add resource groups to the console. Step 1 – Navigate to the Policy > Resources > Resource Groups page. Step 2 – In the Resource Groups list, click the Plus icon. Step 3 – Enter or select the following information: Name — Displays the name of the group Map to OU checkbox — Indicates if the group is mapped to an OU. The following settings are enabled when checked: Sync Now button — Maps the specified OU to the group. A confirmation dialog is displayed to allow the user the option to either Sync Now or Cancel. OU FQDN — Displays the fully qualified domain name of the OU if mapping is enabled Include Child OUs checkbox — Indicates if child OUs of the specified OU are included in the mapping Auto-Onboard checkbox — Indicates if Privilege Secure automatically manages any resources found in the OU Notification Emails — Displays a comma-delimited list email recipients to notify of events on the resources in the selected group Manage Local Administrator Accounts — Displays a comma-delimited list email recipients to notify of events on the resources in the selected group: Off (Do Not Manage Accounts) — Do not manage any Local Administrator accounts on the resources in the selected group On (Manage All Accounts) — Manage all Local Administrator accounts on the resources in the selected group Per Individual Resource — Set whether the Local Administrator accounts will be managed on a per resource basis Step 4 – Click Save to create the new resource group. Step 5 – With the new resource group selected, configure the following settings: Add resources to the resource group. See the Add Resources Window for Resource Group topic for additional information. The new resource group is added to the console and is shown in the Resource Groups list. Add Resources Window for Resource Group Follow the steps to add resources to a resource group. Step 1 – Navigate to the Resources > Resource Groups page. Step 2 – In the Resource Groups list, select the name of the resource group. Step 3 – In the Resource Groups table, click Add. The Add Resources window has the following features: Search –Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. Available Resources – Shows all resources that have been added to the console Resources to Add – Shows the resources to be added to the resource group Column headers can be sorted in ascending or descending order: Type – Host resource ◦ Name – Name of the resource Operating System – The operating system on the resource ◦ DNS Host Name – The DNS host name for the resource Step 4 – To add a resource to the resource group, click a row in the Available Resources list and it is immediately moved to the Resources to Add list. Step 5 – (Optional) Click a row in the Resources to Add list to move it back to the All Resources list. Step 6 – Click Add to add the resources to the resource group. The resources are added to the resource group. Credentials Page The Credentials page shows all accounts discovered within your environment. It is s pecifically focused on managing service account password rotation. A managed account is any host local account, domain account, or Privilege Secure application local account that has its credentials managed by the application. This includes managed user accounts created by activity sessions. The Credentials page displays the same information as the Credentials Dashboard. The page has the following features: Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. You can search for a specific host or account. Filter — Provides options to filter results based on a chosen criterion: Method — Filter by whether the account is managed by the application: All, Managed, and Unmanaged. Managed accounts include both Automatic managed and Manual managed. Managed Type — Filter by account type: All, Internal, Standard, and Service. An Internal account is a Privilege Secure application local account. Privilege Type — Filter by type of privilege the account has: Not Set, Administrator, Power User, Guest, User, Sudoer, Linux User, Cisco Privilege 0, Cisco Privilege 1, and Cisco Privilege 15 Manage — Set the selected account to be managed by Privilege Secure. This button is only available when the account Managed Type is Standard or Internal. For an Internal account, a pop up window will display. See the Manage Internal Service Accounts section for additional information. Unmanage — Remove the account from being managed by Privilege Secure Rotate Service Account — Opens the Account Dependencies window. This button is only available when the Managed Type is Service. See the Account Dependencies Window topic for additional information. Schedule Rotation — Add the credential rotation task to the queue. This button is only available when the Method is Automatic managed. See the Scheduled Tasks Page topic for additional information. Verify — Checks that the credentials for the selected account match the credentials set by Privilege Secure View History — Opens the Password History window to displays the password history for the account. See the Password History Window topic for additional information. Refresh — Reload the information displayed The table has the following columns: Checkbox — Check to select one or more items Account — Name of the account. The following icons may also appear in this column: Set Password icon — Opens the Set Password for Credential window to set a new password for the selected account. See the Manage Internal Service Accounts topic for more information. Clipboard icon — Copies the password for the selected account Information icon — Opens the View Password window to view the password and copy it to the clipboard. The window stays open for 20 seconds. See the View Password Window topic for additional information. Resource — Name of the resource that the account is on. Click the link to view additional details. Privilege — Level of privilege the account has on the resource Platform — Displays the type of platform, which defines the resource Method — Indicates how the account is managed: Automatic — Credential rotation is managed by Privilege Secure according to the change policy for that platform type. See the Platforms Page topic for additional information. Manual — Credential rotation must be initiated manually with the Rotate Service Account button, or the credential must be manually updated on both the resource and in Privilege Secure. See the Service Accounts Page section for information on updating credentials for Internal service accounts. Not Managed — Not currently managed by Privilege Secure and no credentials have ever been stored NOTE: See the Rotation Methods topic for additional information. Managed Type — Type of managed account: Standard — Local or domain user account, including managed users created by activity sessions Internal — Internal service account used by Privilege Secure with no dependencies. See the Service Accounts Page topic for additional information. Service — Local or domain service account with one or more dependencies. Includes Internal service accounts with one or more dependencies. Dependents — Number of scheduled tasks or Windows services using this account Password Changed — Date timestamp for the last time the password was rotated Age — Number of days since the last credential rotation or from when the password was first created Status — Indicates if the account credentials have been verified by Privilege Secure. See the Platforms Page topic for additional information on configuring a verification schedule. Table 1: Managed Type Dependencies Managed / Unmanaged Method Button Description Standard None Managed Automatic Schedule Rotation Local or domain user account managed by Privilege Secure, including managed users created by activity sessions. Credentials are stored by Privilege Secure. Cre dential rotation is performed according to the change policy for Unspecified — Verification check has not run Verified — Confirmed the credentials match the value stored in Privilege Secure Mismatch — Credentials do not match the value stored in Privilege Secure. This status only appears when the Reset on Mismatch option is not enabled. Changed — Credentials were successfully updated to match the value stored in Privilege Secure. This status only appears when the Reset on Mismatch option is enabled. Failed — Attempt to update the credentials to match the value stored in Privilege Secure was unsuccessful. This status only appears when the Reset on Mismatch option is enabled. Last Checked — Date timestamp of the last verification check Next Change — Date timestamp for the next credential password rotation Last Logon — Date timestamp for the last time the account authenticated The table columns can be resized and sorted in ascending or descending order. Rotation Methods The following table summarizes the methods of credential rotation for each type of account. Managed Managed / Dependencies Method Button Description Type Unmanaged Local or domain user account managed by Privilege Secure, including managed users created by Schedule Standard None Managed Automatic activity sessions. Rotation Credentials are stored by Privilege Secure. Cre dential rotation is performed according to the change policy for Table 1: Managed Type Dependencies Managed / Unmanaged Method Button Description that p latform type or click Schedule Rotation to force cre dential rotation. Unmanaged Manual N/A Local or domain user account where the credential must be manually updated on both the resource and in Privilege Secure. Blank N/A Local or domain user account that is not managed by Privilege Secure and no credentials have ever been stored. Internal None Managed Automatic Schedule Rotation “Internal” Privilege Secure service account with no dependencies (windows services or scheduled tasks). Credentials are stored by Privilege Secure. Cre dential Managed Managed / Dependencies Method Button Description Type Unmanaged that p latform type or click Schedule Rotation to force cre dential rotation. Local or domain user account where the credential must Manual N/A be manually updated on both the resource and in Privilege Secure. Unmanaged Local or domain user account that is not managed Blank N/A by Privilege Secure and no credentials have ever been stored. “Internal” Privilege Secure service account with no dependencies Schedule Internal None Managed Automatic (windows Rotation services or scheduled tasks). Credentials are stored by Privilege Secure. Cre dential Table 1: Managed Type Dependencies Managed / Unmanaged Method Button Description rotation is performed according to the change policy for that p latform type or click Schedule Rotation to force cre dential rotation. Unmanaged Manual N/A “Internal” Privilege Secure service account with no dependencies (windows services or scheduled tasks) where the credential must be manually updated on both the resource and in Privilege Secure. Service One or more Managed Manual Rotate Service Account Local or domain service account with one or more dependencies (windows services or scheduled tasks). Also includes “Internal” Privilege Secure service account with one or more Managed Managed / Dependencies Method Button Description Type Unmanaged rotation is performed according to the change policy for that p latform type or click Schedule Rotation to force cre dential rotation. “Internal” Privilege Secure service account with no dependencies (windows services or Unmanaged Manual N/A scheduled tasks) where the credential must be manually updated on both the resource and in Privilege Secure. Local or domain service account with one or more dependencies (windows Rotate Service Service One or more Managed Manual services or Account scheduled tasks). Also includes “Internal” Privilege Secure service account with one or more Table 1: Managed Type Dependencies Managed / Unmanaged Method Button Description dependencies. Credentials are stored by Privilege Secure but cre dential rotation must be initiated manually due to dependencies. Click Rotate Service Account for cre dential rotation. Unmanaged Blank Rotate Service Account Local or domain service account with one or more dependencies (windows services or scheduled tasks) that is not managed by Privilege Secure and no credentials have ever been stored. Click Rotate Service Account for cre dential rotation - account will change to a “Managed” “Manual” account (see above). Managed Managed / Dependencies Method Button Description Type Unmanaged dependencies. Credentials are stored by Privilege Secure but cre dential rotation must be initiated manually due to dependencies. Click Rotate Service Account for cre dential rotation. Local or domain service account with one or more dependencies (windows services or scheduled tasks) that is not managed by Privilege Secure Rotate Service Unmanaged Blank and no Account credentials have ever been stored. Click Rotate Service Account for cre dential rotation - account will change to a “Managed” “Manual” account (see above). Manage Internal Service Accounts An internal service account is a type of service account used by Privilege Secure with no dependencies (windows services or scheduled tasks). When an internal service account (Managed Type Internal) is selected and set to be managed by Privilege Secure, a pop up window will display and Privilege Secure searches for a matching user. If a matching user is found, there are three options to manage the selected account. Automatic — Manages the account and password automatically Manual — Manages the account and password manually Cancel — Closes the window with no changes to the account If the message “No matching user found” is displayed, Privilege Secure is unable to find a matching user in Active Directory. Try the following possible solutions to resolve: Perform an AD Sync to collect the latest AD data from the domain. See the Domain Details Page topic for additional information. Check the user is added to the Privilege Secure console. See the Users & Groups Page topic for additional information. Check the spelling of the Username associated with the service account. See the Service Accounts Page topic for additional information. Make sure the user is in Active Directory in the expected domain Manually Manage an Internal Service Account If the manual option is selected, a new window will open to set the password for the credential. After the password is created, click Save to update the password. The account password has been updated and the service account can be manually managed. The selected account will now display the following options. Set Password icon — Opens the Set Password for Credential window to set a new password for the selected account. Clipboard icon — Copies the password for the selected account Information icon — Opens the View Password window to view the password and copy it to the clipboard. The window stays open for 20 seconds. See the View Password Window topic for additional information. Account Dependencies Window The Account Dependencies window shows all of the dependent services and scheduled tasks for the selected service account. The window has the following details displayed at the top: Account Name — Displays the sAMAccountName for the account Resource — Name of the resource where the account resides Platform — Displays the type of platform, which defines the resource Last Changed — Date timestamp for the last time the password was changed Age — Number of days since the last credential rotation or from when the password was first created Status — Indicates if the account credentials have been verified by Privilege Secure. See the Platforms Page topic for additional information on configuring a verification schedule. Unspecified — Verification check has not run Verified — Confirmed the credentials match the value stored in Privilege Secure Mismatch — Credentials do not match the value stored in Privilege Secure. This status only appears when the Reset on Mismatch option is not enabled. Changed — Credentials were successfully updated to match the value stored in Privilege Secure. This status only appears when the Reset on Mismatch option is enabled. Failed — Attempt to update the credentials to match the value stored in Privilege Secure was unsuccessful. This status only appears when the Reset on Mismatch option is enabled. Last Checked — Date timestamp of the last verification check If any of these settings are modified, Save and Cancel buttons are displayed. Click Save to commit the modifications. Click Cancel to discard the modifications. The window has the following features: Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. Change Now — Initiate credential rotation for each dependent service and scheduled task Rollback — Rolls back the credentials to the previous state Pause — Puts the scheduled task on pause. Resume — Resumes the scheduled task after being paused. Undo — Revert changes made to the credentials. Rescan Resources — Scans resources for services and scheduled tasks dependent on the selected service account Ready to Scan — Opens the Select Resources to Scan window. See the topic for additional information. Cancel — Closes the window Refresh — Reload the information displayed The window has the following columns: Checkbox — Check to select one or more items Resource — Name of the resource that the account is on Type — Type of managed account Name — Displays the short name of the service Last Scan — Date timestamp for the last time the resource was scanned Last Change — Date timestamp for the last time the password was changed Status — Indicates if the account credentials have been verified by Privilege Secure. See the Platforms Page topic for additional information on configuring a verification schedule. Unspecified — Verification check has not run Verified — Confirmed the credentials match the value stored in Privilege Secure Mismatch — Credentials do not match the value stored in Privilege Secure. This status only appears when the Reset on Mismatch option is not enabled. Changed — Credentials were successfully updated to match the value stored in Privilege Secure. This status only appears when the Reset on Mismatch option is enabled. Failed — Attempt to update the credentials to match the value stored in Privilege Secure was unsuccessful. This status only appears when the Reset on Mismatch option is enabled. The table columns can be resized and sorted in ascending or descending order. Rotate Service Account Credentials Follow the steps to update the service account password and then update all Windows services and Scheduled tasks that run as the at account with the new password. Step 1 – Navigate to the Dashboards > Credentials page. Step 2 – In the Credentials table, select the desired account. You can apply the Type filter of Service to find all service accounts with dependencies. Step 3 – Select the checkbox for the service account for the rotation. Step 4 – Click Rotate Service Account to open the Account Dependencies window. Step 5 – Click Change Now to initiate credential rotation. Privilege Secure will cycle through each dependent service and scheduled task. Credential rotation for the selected account is complete. Password History Window The Password History window shows all historical passwords for the selected managed account. The window has the following features: Show Password(s) — Click to view all passwords Hide Password(s) — Click to hide all passwords Refresh — Reload the information displayed The window has the following columns: Creation Date — Date timestamp when the item was created Password (Click to View) — Displays the password. By default, it will be hidden. Click an individual password to view it or click the Show Password(s) button to view all passwords in the table. The table columns can be resized and sorted in ascending or descending order. View Password Window The View Password window shows the current passwords for the selected managed account. This window remains open for only 20 seconds. The window has the following features: Countdown — Indicates time remaining before the window closes automatically Eye icon — Reveals the password Copy to Clipboard — Copies the value to the clipboard Cancel — Closes the View Password window Credential Groups Page The Credential Groups page is accessible from the Navigation pane under Credentials. It shows the configured credential groups, which are used to control account assignments in Credential Based access policies. See the Credentials Tab for Credential Based Access Policies topic for additional information. The pane on the left side of the page displays a list of the configured credential groups. This pane has the following features: Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. Blue + button — Create a new credential group. See the Add Credential Groups topic for additional information. Trashcan icon — Deletes the access policy. Icon appears when policy is hovered over. A confirmation window will display. The selected access policy details display at the top of the main pane: Name — Displays the name of the policy Description — Description of the policy If any of these settings are modified, Save and Cancel buttons are displayed. Click Save to commit the modifications. Click Cancel to discard the modifications. The table has the following features: Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. Type — Provides options to filter results based on a chosen criterion: Internal, Standard, and Service Add Credentials — Opens the Add Credentials window. See the Add Credentials to a Credential Group topic for additional information. Remove — Removes the selected item Refresh — Reload the information displayed The table has the following columns: Checkbox — Check to select one or more items Account — Name of the account. The following icons may also appear in this column: Clipboard icon — Copies the password for the selected account Information icon — Opens the View Password window to view the password and copy it to the clipboard. The window stays open for 20 seconds. Resource — Name of the resource that the account is on Platform — Displays the type of platform, which defines the resource Method — Indicates how the account is managed: Automatic — Credential rotation is managed by Privilege Secure according to the change policy for that platform type. See the Platforms Page topic for additional information. Manual — Credential rotation must be initiated manually with the Rotate Service Account button, or the credential must be manually updated on both the resource and in Privilege Secure. See the Service Accounts Page topic for information on updating credentials for Internal service accounts. Not Managed — Not currently managed by Privilege Secure and no credentials have ever been stored NOTE: See the Rotation Methods topic for additional information. Managed Type — Type of managed account: Standard — Local or domain user account, including managed users created by activity sessions Internal — Internal service account used by Privilege Secure with no dependencies. See the Service Accounts Page topic for additional information. Service — Local or domain service account with one or more dependencies. Includes Internal service accounts with one or more dependencies. Dependents — Number of scheduled tasks or Windows services using this account Password Changed — Date timestamp for the last time the password was rotated Age — Number of days since the last credential rotation or from when the password was first created Status — Indicates if the account credentials have been verified by Privilege Secure. See the Platforms Page topic for additional information on configuring a verification schedule. Unspecified — Verification check has not run Verified — Confirmed the credentials match the value stored in Privilege Secure Mismatch — Credentials do not match the value stored in Privilege Secure. This status only appears when the Reset on Mismatch option is not enabled. Changed — Credentials were successfully updated to match the value stored in Privilege Secure. This status only appears when the Reset on Mismatch option is enabled. Failed — Attempt to update the credentials to match the value stored in Privilege Secure was unsuccessful. This status only appears when the Reset on Mismatch option is enabled. Last Checked — Date timestamp of the last verification check Next Change — Date timestamp for the next credential password rotation The table columns can be resized and sorted in ascending or descending order. Add Credential Groups Follow the steps to add credential groups to the Privilege Secure Console. Step 1 – Navigate to the Policy > Credentials > Credential Groups page. Step 2 – In the Credential Groups list, click the Plus icon. Step 3 – Enter or select the following information: Name — Displays the name of the credential Description — Description of the policy Step 4 – Click Save to create the new credential group. Step 5 – With the new credential group selected, click the + Add Credentials button to open the Add Credentials window. Step 6 – Select the checkbox for the credential and click Add to save the credential to the Credential Group. See the Add Credentials to a Credential Group topic for additional information. The new credential group is added to the console and is shown in the Credential Groups list. Add Credentials Window The Add Credentials window provides a list of Credentials that have been onboarded and are not already present in the collection. Credentials are onboarded in the Credentials Page. The window has the following features: Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. Filter — Provides options to filter results based on a chosen criterion: Internal, Standard, and Service Available Credentials — Shows all accounts available for credential management Credentials to Add — Shows selected credentials Add button — Closes the window Both tables have the following columns: Checkbox — Check to select one or more items Account — Name of the account Resource — Name of the resource that the account is on Platform — Displays the type of platform, which defines the resource Method — Indicates how the account is managed: Automatic — Credential rotation is managed by Privilege Secure according to the change policy for that platform type. See the Platforms Page topic for additional information. Manual — Credential rotation must be initiated manually with the Rotate Service Account button, or the credential must be manually updated on both the resource and in Privilege Secure. See the Service Accounts Page section for information on updating credentials for Internal service accounts. Not Managed — Not currently managed by Privilege Secure and no credentials have ever been stored NOTE: See the Rotation Methods topic for additional information. Managed Type — Type of managed account: Standard — Local or domain user account, including managed users created by activity sessions Internal — Internal service account used by Privilege Secure with no dependencies. See the Service Accounts Page topic for additional information. Service — Local or domain service account with one or more dependencies. Includes Internal service accounts with one or more dependencies. Dependents — Number of scheduled tasks or Windows services using this account Password Changed — Date timestamp for the last time the password was rotated Age — Number of days since the last credential rotation or from when the password was first created Status — Indicates if the account credentials have been verified by Privilege Secure. See the Platforms Page topic for additional information on configuring a verification schedule. Unspecified — Verification check has not run Verified — Confirmed the credentials match the value stored in Privilege Secure Mismatch — Credentials do not match the value stored in Privilege Secure. This status only appears when the Reset on Mismatch option is not enabled. Changed — Credentials were successfully updated to match the value stored in Privilege Secure. This status only appears when the Reset on Mismatch option is enabled. Failed — Attempt to update the credentials to match the value stored in Privilege Secure was unsuccessful. This status only appears when the Reset on Mismatch option is enabled. Last Checked — Date timestamp of the last verification check Next Change — Date timestamp for the next credential password rotation Add Credentials to a Credential Group Follow the steps to add credentials to a credential group. Step 1 – Navigate to the Policy > Credentials > Credential Groups page. Step 2 – In the Credential Groups list, select the name of the credential group. Step 3 – In the Credential Groups table, click Add Credentials. Step 4 – Filter by Internal, Standard, or Service, and use the Search feature. Step 5 – To add a credential to the group, click the checkbox in the Available Credentials table. Step 6 – (Optional) Click the checkbox in the Credentials to Add table to move it back to the Available Credentials table. Step 7 – Click Add to add the credential(s) to the group. The new credentials are added to the applicable group. Add Credentials to a Policy Override Follow the steps to add credentials to a Credential Policy Override. In order for an account to be added to add credentials window, a credential must be managed with a method of Automatic. Only one account can be added to a Credential Policy Override at a time. See the Manage Internal Service Accounts topic for additional information. Step 1 – Navigate to the Policy > Credentials > Credential Groups page. Step 2 – In the Credential Groups list, select the name of the credential policy override. Step 3 – In the Credential Policy Override table, click Add Credentials. Step 4 – To add a credential to the policy override, click the checkbox in the Available Credentials table. Step 5 – (Optional) Click the checkbox in the Credentials to Add table to move it back to the Available Credentials table. Step 6 – Click Add to add the credential(s) to the policy override. The new credentials are added to the applicable Credential Policy Override. Credential Policy Overrides Page The Credential Policy Overrides page is accessible from the Policy Navigation pane under Credentials and displays the configured Credential Policy Overrides. If a credential is added to a Credential Policy Override, that credential's scheduled change policy and verification schedule will be inherited from the Credential Policy Override, rather than being inherited from the credential's platform. The pane on the left side of the page displays a list of the configured Credential Policy Overrides. This pane has the following features: Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. Blue + button — Create a new credential group. See the Add Credential Policy Override topic for additional information. Trashcan icon — Deletes the policy. Icon appears when policy is hovered over. A confirmation window will display. The selected access policy details display at the top of the main pane: Name — Displays the name of the policy Description — Description of the policy If any of these settings are modified, Save and Cancel buttons are displayed. Click Save to commit the modifications. Click Cancel to discard the modifications. The table has the following features: Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. Add Credentials — Opens the Add Credentials window. See the Add Credentials Window topic for additional information. Remove — Removes the selected item Refresh — Reload the information displayed The table has the following columns: Checkbox — Check to select one or more items Account — Name of the account. The following icons may also appear in this column: Clipboard icon — Copies the password for the selected account Information icon — Opens the View Password window to view the password and copy it to the clipboard. The window stays open for 20 seconds. Resource — Name of the resource that the account is on Password Changed — Date timestamp for the last time the password was rotated Age — Number of days since the last credential rotation or from when the password was first created Status — Indicates if the account credentials have been verified by Privilege Secure. See the Platforms Page topic for additional information on configuring a verification schedule. Unspecified — Verification check has not run Verified — Confirmed the credentials match the value stored in Privilege Secure Mismatch — Credentials do not match the value stored in Privilege Secure. This status only appears when the Reset on Mismatch option is not enabled. Changed — Credentials were successfully updated to match the value stored in Privilege Secure. This status only appears when the Reset on Mismatch option is enabled. Failed — Attempt to update the credentials to match the value stored in Privilege Secure was unsuccessful. This status only appears when the Reset on Mismatch option is enabled. Last Checked — Date timestamp of the last verification check Next Change — Date timestamp for the next credential password rotation The table columns can be resized and sorted in ascending or descending order. Add Credential Policy Override Follow the steps to add Credential Policy Override to the Privilege Secure Console. Step 1 – Navigate to the Policy > Credentials > Credential Policy Overrides page. Step 2 – In the Credential Policy Overrides list, click the Plus icon. Step 3 – Enter or select the following information: Name — Displays the name of the credential Description — Description of the policy Scheduled Change Policy — Select a previously added schedule policy from the drop-down list. How often the credentials for a managed account are changed (credential rotation). See the Credentials Dashboard and Schedule Policies Page topic for additional information. Verification Schedule — How often to verify the credentials for managed accounts on the resources defined by the selected platform. See the Credentials Dashboard topic for additional information on managed accounts. Step 4 – Click Save to create the new credential policy override. Step 5 – With the new Credential Policy Override selected, click the Add Credentials button to open the Add Credentials window. See the Add Credentials to a Policy Override topic for additional information. Step 6 – Select the checkbox for the credential and click Add to save the credential to the Credential Policy Override. NOTE: In order for an account to be added to add credentials window, a credential must be managed with a method of Automatic. Only one account can be added to a Credential Policy Override at a time. See the Manage Internal Service Accounts topic for additional information. The account is added to the console and is shown in the Credential Policy Overrides list. Activities Page The Activities page is accessible from the Navigation pane under Activities. It shows the configured activities, which contain the actions that will run during the session such as granting admin privileges. Activities are for singular activities based on a specific platform whereas Activity Groups can be used for cross platform activities such as granting local administrator access. See the Activity Groups Page topic for additional information. It is also possible to configure an activity to automatically run any Protection Policy associated with the resource when the session completes, instead of waiting for the scheduled sync. See the Add Action Window topic for additional information. The pane on the left side of the page displays a list of the configured activity. This pane has the following features: Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. Green + button — Create a new activity. See the Add Activity topic for additional information. Copy icon — Clones the activity and adds a new entry to the Activities list. Icon appears when activity is hovered over. Trashcan icon — Deletes the activity. Icon appears when activity is hovered over. A confirmation window will display. The selected activity details display at the top of the main pane: Name — Displays the name of the activity Description — Description of the policy Platform — Displays the type of platform, which defines the resource: Active Directory, Microsoft Entra ID, Cisco, Linux, Microsoft SQL Server, Oracle, Website, and Windows Login Account — Controls the type of account used to log into the resource: Requester, Managed, Activity Token, Resource, and Vault. See the Login Account Types topic for additional information. Activity Type — Controls the type of actions for the activity: Interactive — Activity expects the requester to log on to a host desktop or CLI interface either directly or via the proxy Interactive App Launch — Activity will launch an application on the requested resource Task Automation — Activity will run an automated script requiring no user interaction Requester Login Format — Indicates the format that will be used to prefill the Username field for logging into the resource. It must exactly match the username defined on the resource. This option is only visible when the Login Account is set to Requester. The format options include: Domain\SamAccountName, SamAccountName, UPN (User Principal Name), Email, and Custom Login Account Template — Template determines the format of the account created for Managed, Activity Token, Resource, and Vault Login Accounts. The template is also used if the Requester login format is set to Custom. See the Login Account Templates topic for additional information. Create Account checkbox — Indicates whether an account is created at the beginning of the activity if it does not already exist. When the Activity starts, a check is made to determine if an account exists. If the account exists, the user is connected to the account on the resource. If the account does not exist, the account is created and a password is set. The user is then connected to the account on the resource. This option is only visible when the Login Account is set to Activity Token or Managed. It cannot be disabled for Activity Token. Delete After Use checkbox — Indicates whether the account will be deleted at the end of the activity. If an account was created to perform the activity, check this option to remove the account after the activity is complete. Otherwise, the account will be disabled at the end of the activity session. This option is only visible when the Login Account is set to Activity Token or Managed. It cannot be disabled for Activity Token. NOTE: A built-in administrator account cannot be deleted or disabled at the end of a session. Valut Connector — Displays the name of the assigned vault connector. This option is only visible when the Login Account is set to Vault. Additional fields may appear based on the selected vault. NOTE: To view the password fetched from the vault, the Allow User to View Password checkbox must be selected in the connection profile associated with the access policy that gives the requester rights to the activity. See the Connection Profiles Page topic for additional information. Application to Launch — Indicates the application that will be launched on the RDS server that the user is connected to by Privilege Secure. This option is only visible when the Activity Type is set to Interactive App Launch. The following variables can be supplied within the Application to Launch field: %loginaccount% — The Login Account Name determined by the Login Account Template %sessionid% — The NPS session ID for the activity session %token% — The NPS one time use token generated by the Proxy Service Preferred RDS Host — Displays the name of the RDS server that will launch the application specified in the Application to Launch field. This option is only visible when the Platform is set to Active Directory. Connect Account — Provides a list of service accounts that will be used by the Proxy Service for impersonation for Interactive App Launch activities. If no account is selected, the account specified by the Login Account Template will be used and no impersonation will occur. This option is only visible when the Platform is set to Active Directory. Logon URL — Displays the primary logon page. When this field has a value, it will override the Logon URL defined on the Website resource. This option is only visible when the Table 1: Account Type Description Requester The Requester login account type will use the user's own account to run the activity. The user will either log onto the resource directly or be connected to the resource via the proxy. In both cases the user will have to enter their user name and password. This login account should be used to avoid having a separately managed account. The user needs to have a matching account on the endpoint and needs to know the password to login. Platform is set to Microsoft Entra ID or Website. See the Microsoft Entra ID Details Page and Website Details Page topics for additional information. If any of these settings are modified, Save and Cancel buttons are displayed. Click Save to commit the modifications. Click Cancel to discard the modifications. Below the activity details in the main pane are the session details, the actions that will occur before, during, and after the session: Pre-Session (Grant) — List of actions that will run before the session begins. These actions may be paired with a corresponding Post-Session action. Session (Connect) — List of actions that will run during the session Post-Session (Remove) — List of actions that will run after the session completes. These actions may be paired with a corresponding Pre-Session action. A Link icon shows actions that are linked. Deleting a linked action will delete the corresponding action it is paired with. See the Add Action Window topic for additional information. NOTE: It is not possible to edit the Action Type. Delete the existing action and then create a new action to get a new Action Type. Login Account Types Privilege Secure supports the use of various login account types that perform differ ent functions in the environment. See each account type for a description. Account Type Description The Requester login account type will use the user's own account to run the activity. The user will either log onto the resource directly or be connected to the resource via the proxy. In both cases the user will have Requester to enter their user name and password. This login account should be used to avoid having a separately managed account. The user needs to have a matching account on the endpoint and needs to know the password to login. Table 1: Account Type Description Managed The Managed login account type will used an account managed by Privilege Secure to run the activity. Once created, a Managed account will persist to the endpoint. When a session ends or is canceled, the password is automatically rotated. The account will not be removed afterward, but it will be disabled when at rest. The primary use case is for instances where the user desktop experience should persist across sessions. A Managed account can be a s pecific account name or based on any variable added to the Login Account Template. The password for a managed account is available to the user via the UI during an active session. Activity Token The Activity Token login account will use a unique time-limited ephemeral account created when the Activity is started and removed when it is completed. The account name is automatically generated from the user’s sAMAccountName and Session ID, filled out to as many characters as configured for the a ctivity token. See the Activity Token Complexity Page topic for additional information. The account name can be entirely random or based on variables or text added to the Login Account Template. The primary use case is where the user profile should be destroyed after each session and have the user log-in to a clean desktop every time they connect; a common use case for remote vendors and contractors. Resource The Resource login account is only available when the Platform is set to Website. It allows manually managed user accounts on website resources to be used to log into activities. The user name is defined in the Requester Login Format field and must exactly match the username defined on the website resource. Account Type Description The Managed login account type will used an account managed by Privilege Secure to run the activity. Once created, a Managed account will persist to the endpoint. When a session ends or is canceled, the password is automatically rotated. The account will not be removed afterward, but it will be disabled Managed when at rest. The primary use case is for instances where the user desktop experience should persist across sessions. A Managed account can be a s pecific account name or based on any variable added to the Login Account Template. The password for a managed account is available to the user via the UI during an active session. The Activity Token login account will use a unique time-limited ephemeral account created when the Activity is started and removed when it is completed. The account name is automatically generated from the user’s sAMAccountName and Session ID, filled out to as many characters as configured for the a ctivity token. See the Activity Token Complexity Page topic Activity Token for additional information. The account name can be entirely random or based on variables or text added to the Login Account Template. The primary use case is where the user profile should be destroyed after each session and have the user log-in to a clean desktop every time they connect; a common use case for remote vendors and contractors. The Resource login account is only available when the Platform is set to Website. It allows manually managed user accounts on website resources to be Resource used to log into activities. The user name is defined in the Requester Login Format field and must exactly match the username defined on the website resource. Table 1: Account Type Description Vault The Vault login account will use an account that is checked out of the specified vault to run the activity . The password provided by the vault is available to the user via the UI during an active session. When a session ends or is canceled, the password is checked into the vault. Account Type Description The Vault login account will use an account that is checked out of the specified vault to run the activity . The password provided by the vault is available to the Vault user via the UI during an active session. When a session ends or is canceled, the password is checked into the vault. Add Activity Follow the steps to add activities to the console. Step 1 – Navigate to the Activities page. Step 2 – In the Activities list, click the Add Activity icon. Step 3 – Enter the information for the desired activity. The configuration options will vary depending on each selection. The pane on the left side of the page displays a list of the configured activities. This pane has the following features: Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. + button - Add an activity to the list. Copy icon — Clones the activity and adds a new entry to the Activities list. Icon appears when activity is hovered over. Trashcan icon — Deletes the activity. Icon appears when activity is hovered over. A confirmation window will display. Step 4 – Enter the configuration information on the right side of the page. Configura tion options include: Name — Displays the name of the activity. Description — Description of the policy. Platform — Displays the type of platform, which defines the resource. Login Account — Displays the account used to log onto the resource. Activity Type — Controls the type of actions for the activity. Requester Login Format — Indicates the format that will be used to prefill the Username field for logging into the resource. It must exactly match the username defined on the resource. Application to Launch — Indicates the application that will be launched on the RDS server that the user is connected to by Privilege Secure Logon URL — Displays the primary logon page Step 5 – Click Save to create the new activity. Step 6 – With the new activity selected, configure the following settings. See the Add Action Window topic for additional information: Pre-Session (Grant) — List of actions that will run before the session begins. These actions may be paired with a corresponding Post-Session action. Session (Connect) — List of actions that will run during the session Post-Session (Remove) — List of actions that will run after the session completes. These actions may be paired with a corresponding Pre-Session action. The new activity is added to the console and is shown in the Activities list. Login Account Templates There are three options for Login Account Templates in an Activity: Use a specific account name — For example, to always connect the Activity as a service account might be “democorp\svc_account_name” Use a mask to select a user’s unique admin account using variable substitution. For Users and Groups, acceptable substitute variables that map to the users AD attributes are: %domain%, %targetdomain%, %samaccountname%, %email%, %department%, %sessionid%, %hostname%, %dnshostname%, %fqdn%, %upnusername%, %upn-domain%, %email-username%, %email-domain%, %firstname%, %lastname%, %displayname%, %fullname% Example 1: “%domain%\%samaccountname%-a”, a user with an Privilege Secure login name of “sblab\jsmith” would result in a login account of “sblab\jsmith-a” Example 2: “%upn-username%-a@%upn-domain%”, a user with an Privilege Secure login name of “jsmith@sblab.com” would result in a login account of “jsmith-a@sblab.com” Example 3: “%email-username%-a@%email-domain%”, a user with an Privilege Secure login name of “jsmith@netwrix.com” would result in a login account of “jsmith-a@netwrix.com” When a domain name is detected in the template field, i.e. contains a “\” character, the Create Local Account option has no effect For Applications, the following masks are available: %samaccountname%, %department%, %email%, %userprincipalname%, %displayname% Use a mask to define an account that will be created locally on the target resource — For example, a mask of “%domain%_%samaccountname%” in conjunction with the Create Local Account option set to yes, will result in a local account being created using name substitution so the user “sblab\jsmith” will be connected to a local account named “sblab_jsmith” NOTE: The value of each mask can be customized on the Properties Tab of the Application details page. See the User, Group, & Application Details Page topic for additional information. Functions for Login Account Templates first() The first() function returns the specified number of characters starting from the beginning of the string. %first(string stringToManipulate, int numCharactersReturned)/first% Parameters stringToManipulate (string) The string or Privilege Secure Login Account Template mask to be manipulated. numCharactersReturned (int) The number of characters, starting from the beginning of the string, to be returned based on supplied stringToManipulate parameter. Notes int numCharactersReturned must be a positive number. If int numCharactersReturned exceeds string stringToManipulate then the entire string will be returned. Examples %first(jsmith,3)/first% The above example will return: "jsm" A common use case for this function is to manipulate Privilege Secure Login Account Template masks such as %samaccountname%, to change how what the Login Account Template evaluates to when an Privilege Secure user provisions an activity session. For example: %first(%samaccountname%,3)/first% In the example above, if "%samaccountname%" normally evaluates to "jsmith" then the return value of the first() function will be "jsm" substr() The substr() function starts from the specified index in the supplied string and returns from that index to the end of the supplied string. If a negative number is supplied for int startIndexOrNumCharactersReturned then the return value is that many characters from the end of the supplied string. Parameters stringToManipulate (string) The string or Privilege Secure Login Account Template mask to be manipulated. startIndexOrNumCharactersReturned (int) If non-negative, the return value is this index to the end of the supplied string. If negative, the return value is this many characters from the end of the supplied string. Notes If int startIndexOrNumCharactersReturned is an index greater than the largest index in the supplied string, then an empty string is returned. Examples %substr(jsmith,2)/substr% The above example will return "mith" %substr(jsmith,-2)/substr% The above example will return "th" A common use case for this function is to manipulate Privilege Secure Login Account Template masks such as "%samaccountname%" to change how what the Login Account Template evaluates to when an Privilege Secure user provisions an activity session. For example: %substr(%samaccountname%,2)/substr% In the example above, if "%samaccountname%" normally evaluates to "jsmith" then the return value of the substr() function will be "mith" replace() The replace() function accepts a string as input, and replaces all instances of an oldString with a newString. Parameters stringToManipulate (string) The string or Privilege Secure Login Account Template mask to be manipulated. oldString (string) The string to be replaced newString (string) The string that will replace the newString Examples %replace(jsmith,smith,jones)/replace% The above example will return "jjones" trim() The trim() function removes the specified number of characters from the end of a string. Parameters stringToManipulate (string) The string or Privilege Secure Login Account Template mask to be manipulated. numberOfCharacters (int) A non-negative integer should be supplied. That many characters will be trimmed from the end of the string. Notes If int numberOfCharacters is an index greater than the length of the supplied string, then an empty string is returned. Examples %trim(jsmith-suffix,7)/trim% The above example will return "jsmith" A common use case for this function is to remove known suffixes from Privilege Secure Login Account Template masks such as "%samaccountname%" to change what the Login Account Template evaluates to when an Privilege Secure user provisions an activity session. Add Action Window The Add Action window varies slightly based on the Action Type selected and the associated session part. Follow the instructions to add actions to the activity. Step 1 – Navigate to the Activities page. Step 2 – In the Activities list, select the name of an activity. Step 3 – In the Actions section, for each of the following, click the Add icon. Pre-Session (Grant) — List of actions that will run before the session begins. These actions may be paired with a corresponding Post-Session action. Session (Connect) — List of actions that will run during the session Post-Session (Remove) — List of actions that will run after the session completes. These actions may be paired with a corresponding Pre-Session action. Step 4 – Complete the following fields: Action Type - Icon indicates the type of object. AD Object Type - AD Object Type — Select which type of object to manage in the Organizational Unit, a User or Computer.. AD Organizational Unit for the Action - AD Organizational Unit — Enter a pre-existing Organizational Unit the login account will have delegated permissions for. AD Rights to be Added - AD Rights to be Added — Select which right will be delegated to the login account for managing the previously specified Organizational Unit. Continue on Error - Continue on Error — If an error occurs, continue to the next step rather than halting the action. Action Name - Action Name — (Optional) Edit the name of the action. Paired Actions Name - Paired Action's Name — (Optional) Edit the name of the paired action See the Action Types section for detailed descriptions of the fields. NOTE: The fields will change depending on the selected Action Type. Step 5 – Click Okay to create the new action. Step 6 – Continue to create as many actions for each stage of the session (Grant, Connect, Remove) as required. NOTE: It is not possible to change the Action Type once the action is created. Delete the existing action and then create a new action to get a new Action Type. Step 7 – If desired, it is possible to automatically run any Protection Policies associated with the resource when the session completes. Simply add the Invoke Protection Policies action to the Post-Session group. See the Protection Policies Page topic for additional information. NOTE: It is not necessary to select a protection policy. All protection policies that apply to the session host are executed. The new actions are added to the activity. Action Types The following tables list all available actions that can be added to an activity. Table 1: Action Type Action Description Related Fields Add ADUC Permissions Add AD rights to the login account •• AD Object Type — Select which type of object to manage in the Organiza tional Unit, a User or Computer. •• AD Organizational Unit — Enter a pre-ex isting Organizational Unit the login account will have delegated permissions for. •• AD Rights to be Added — Select which right will be delegated to the login account for managing the previously s pecified Organizational Unit •• Continue on Error — If an error occurs, continue to the next step rather than h alting the action •• Action Name — ( Optional) Edit the name of the action •• Paired Action's Name — (Optional) Edit the name of the paired action Add Microsoft Entra ID Role Add login account to an Micr osoft Entra ID role •• Microsoft Entra ID Role (Allows Custom Entries) — Enter which Microsoft Entra ID Directory Role will be added to the login account, or select from the Role o ptions in the dropdown. Pre-Session (Grant) Actions Action Type Action Description Related Fields AD Object Type — Select which type of object to manage in the Organiza tional Unit, a User or Computer. AD Organizational Unit — Enter a pre-ex isting Organizational Unit the login account will have delegated permissions for. AD Rights to be Added — Select which right will be delegated to the login Add ADUC Permissions Add AD rights to the login account account for managing the previously s pecified Organizational Unit Continue on Error — If an error occurs, continue to the next step rather than h alting the action Action Name — ( Optional) Edit the name of the action Paired Action's Name — (Optional) Edit the name of the paired action Microsoft Entra ID Role (Allows Custom Entries) — Add login account to an Micr osoft Enter which Microsoft Entra Add Microsoft Entra ID Role Entra ID role ID Directory Role will be added to the login account, or select from the Role o ptions in the dropdown. Table 1: Action Type Action Description Related Fields •• Continue on Error — If an error occurs, continue to the next step rather than h alting the action •• Action Name — ( Optional) Edit the name of the action •• Paired Action's Name — (Optional) Edit the name of the paired action Add Sudoers Rule Create a new rule file in sudoers.d directory to grant user a dditional permissions •• Run As — Enter which account(s) the logged-in user can run commands as •• Commands — Enter the commands the user can run as a comma-separated list, or, enter ALL for all commands on the target resource. Make sure to use absolute paths in the command list. For example: /usr/bin/ yum, /usr/bin/ docker, /usr/bin/rpm •• Prompt for Password — If enabled, the logged-in user will need to enter their password to run elevated commands •• Continue on Error — If an error occurs, continue to the next step rather than halting the action •• Action Name — ( Optional) Edit the name of the action Action Type Action Description Related Fields Continue on Error — If an error occurs, continue to the next step rather than h alting the action Action Name — ( Optional) Edit the name of the action Paired Action's Name — (Optional) Edit the name of the paired action Run As — Enter which account(s) the logged-in user can run commands as Commands — Enter the commands the user can run as a comma-separated list, or, enter ALL for all commands on the target resource. Make sure to use absolute paths in the command list. For example: /usr/bin/ Create a new rule file in sudoers.d yum, /usr/bin/ Add Sudoers Rule directory to grant user a dditional docker, /usr/bin/rpm permissions Prompt for Password — If enabled, the logged-in user will need to enter their password to run elevated commands Continue on Error — If an error occurs, continue to the next step rather than halting the action Action Name — ( Optional) Edit the name of the action Table 1: Action Type Action Description Related Fields •• Paired Action's Name — (Optional) Edit the name of the paired action Add to Microsoft Entra ID Group Add login account to a Micro soft Entra ID Security Group •• Microsoft Entra ID Security Group (Allows Custom Entries) — Enter which Microsoft Entra ID Security Group will be added to the login account •• Continue on Error — If an error occurs, continue to the next step rather than h alting the action •• Action Name — ( Optional) Edit the name of the action •• Paired Action's Name — (Optional) Edit the name of the paired action Add User to Domain Group Add login account to a domain group •• Domain — Enter an Active Directory domain •• Group (Allows Custom Entries) — Enter a preexisting Group the login account will be added to in the specified Domain •• Continue on Error — If an error occurs, continue to the next step rather than h alting the action •• Action Name — ( Optional) Edit the name of the action Action Type Action Description Related Fields Paired Action's Name — (Optional) Edit the name of the paired action Microsoft Entra ID Security Group (Allows Custom Entries) — Enter which Microsoft Entra ID Security Group will be added to the login account Continue on Error — If an Add login account to a Micro soft error occurs, continue to the Add to Microsoft Entra ID Group Entra ID Security Group next step rather than h alting the action Action Name — ( Optional) Edit the name of the action Paired Action's Name — (Optional) Edit the name of the paired action Domain — Enter an Active Directory domain Group (Allows Custom Entries) — Enter a preexisting Group the login account will be added to in Add login account to a domain Add User to Domain Group the specified Domain group Continue on Error — If an error occurs, continue to the next step rather than h alting the action Action Name — ( Optional) Edit the name of the action Table 1: Action Type Action Description Related Fields •• Paired Action's Name — (Optional) Edit the name of the paired action Add User to Local Group Add login account to a local group •• Group (Allows Custom Entries) — Enter a preexisting Group the login account will be added to in the specified Domain •• Continue on Error — If an error occurs, continue to the next step rather than h alting the action •• Action Name — ( Optional) Edit the name of the action •• Paired Action's Name — (Optional) Edit the name of the paired action Add Requester to Database Server Add login account to the database server •• Continue on Error — If an error occurs, continue to the next step rather than h alting the action •• Action Name — ( Optional) Edit the name of the action •• Paired Action's Name — (Optional) Edit the name of the paired action Add User to Database Role Add login account the Database Role. •• Database – (Optional) If a database is specified, the role gets applied to the s pecific database. If the database fi eld is left blank, the role gets Action Type Action Description Related Fields Paired Action's Name — (Optional) Edit the name of the paired action Group (Allows Custom Entries) — Enter a preexisting Group the login account will be added to in the specified Domain Continue on Error — If an error occurs, continue to the Add User to Local Group Add login account to a local group next step rather than h alting the action Action Name — ( Optional) Edit the name of the action Paired Action's Name — (Optional) Edit the name of the paired action Continue on Error — If an error occurs, continue to the next step rather than h alting the action Add login account to the database Add Requester to Database Server Action Name — ( Optional) server Edit the name of the action Paired Action's Name — (Optional) Edit the name of the paired action Database – (Optional) If a Add login account the Database database is specified, the role Add User to Database Role Role. gets applied to the s pecific database. If the database fi eld is left blank, the role gets Table 1: Action Type Action Description Related Fields applied to the database instance. •• Role – The user is added to this role •• Continue on Error — If an error occurs, continue to the next step rather than h alting the action •• Action Name — ( Optional) Edit the name of the action •• Paired Action's Name — (Optional) Edit the name of the paired action Create Windows File Share Creates a temporary, encrypted SMB share on the activity's target Windows resource. This a ction creates a hidden lock file at the root of the share's map path. This is used by the console to identify a folder as being created/owned by the console. Users should not attempt to modify or delete this lock file. •• Windows File Share Name — The name of the File Share that will be created on the activity's target Windows resource •• Windows File Share Map Path — A folder will be created in this location (local path) as a map for the session's Windows File Share •• Continue on Error — If an error occurs, continue to the next step rather than h alting the action •• Action Name — ( Optional) Edit the name of the action •• Paired Action's Name — (Optional) Edit the name of the paired action Action Type Action Description Related Fields applied to the database instance. Role – The user is added to this role Continue on Error — If an error occurs, continue to the next step rather than h alting the action Action Name — ( Optional) Edit the name of the action Paired Action's Name — (Optional) Edit the name of the paired action Windows File Share Name — The name of the File Share that will be created on the activity's target Windows resource Windows File Share Map Path Creates a temporary, encrypted — A folder will be created in SMB share on the activity's target this location (local path) as a Windows resource. This a ction map for the session's creates a hidden lock file at the root Windows File Share of the share's map path. This is Create Windows File Share used by the console to identify a Continue on Error — If an folder as being created/owned by error occurs, continue to the the console. Users should not next step rather than h alting attempt to modify or delete this the action lock file. Action Name — ( Optional) Edit the name of the action Paired Action's Name — (Optional) Edit the name of the paired action Table 1: Action Type Action Description Related Fields Enable RDP on Host Allows the user to enable RDP on the Host during the pre-session. This action comes paired with the Disable RDP on Host post-session action type. •• Continue on Error — If an error occurs, continue to the next step rather than h alting the action •• Action Name — ( Optional) Edit the name of the action •• Paired Action's Name — (Optional) Edit the name of the paired action Monitor File for Changes Monitors the specified file for modifications. If no changes are detected, an Info event is logged to the action log. If changes are detected (or the file goes missing after the pre-session hash), a Warning is logged to the action and event logs. •• File to Monitor — Enter the full local path to the file to be monitored •• Fail Pre-Session on Missing File — Fail session provisioning if the file to monitor cannot be found •• Fail Post-Session on Mismatch — Fail session during A ctivity post-session if monitored fi le checksum does not match •• Continue on Error — If an error occurs, continue to the next step rather than halting the action •• Action Name — ( Optional) Edit the name of the action •• Paired Action's Name — (Optional) Edit the name of the paired action Purge Kerberos Tickets for Host Purge all Kerberos tickets from the resource •• Continue on Error — If an error occurs, continue to the Action Type Action Description Related Fields Continue on Error — If an error occurs, continue to the next step rather than h alting Allows the user to enable RDP on the action the Host during the pre-session. Enable RDP on Host This action comes paired with the Action Name — ( Optional) Disable RDP on Host post-session Edit the name of the action action type. Paired Action's Name — (Optional) Edit the name of the paired action File to Monitor — Enter the full local path to the file to be monitored Fail Pre-Session on Missing File — Fail session provisioning if the file to monitor cannot be found Monitors the specified file for Fail Post-Session on Mismatch modifications. If no changes are — Fail session during A ctivity detected, an Info event is logged to post-session if monitored fi le the action log. If changes are Monitor File for Changes checksum does not match detected (or the file goes missing after the pre-session hash), a Continue on Error — If an Warning is logged to the action and error occurs, continue to the event logs. next step rather than halting the action Action Name — ( Optional) Edit the name of the action Paired Action's Name — (Optional) Edit the name of the paired action Purge all Kerberos tickets from the Purge Kerberos Tickets for Host Continue on Error — If an resource error occurs, continue to the Table 1: Action Type Action Description Related Fields next step rather than h alting the action •• Action Name — ( Optional) Edit the name of the action Purge Kerberos Tickets for User Purge Kerberos Tickets for the login account •• Continue on Error — If an error occurs, continue to the next step rather than h alting the action •• Action Name — ( Optional) Edit the name of the action Run AD Replication for User Runs AD replication for the target user within the AD site of the target resource •• Continue on Error — If an error occurs, continue to the next step rather than h alting the action •• Action Name — ( Optional) Edit the name of the action Run Custom PowerShell Script Execute custom PowerShell script during Activity •• Definition — Enter a custom Powershell script here •• Continue on Error — If an error occurs, continue to the next step rather than h alting the action •• Action Name — ( Optional) Edit the name of the action Run Replication Run replication (via repadmin / syncall) on closest domain controller to the target resource •• Continue on Error — If an error occurs, continue to the Action Type Action Description Related Fields next step rather than h alting the action Action Name — ( Optional) Edit the name of the action Continue on Error — If an error occurs, continue to the next step rather than h alting Purge Kerberos Tickets for the login Purge Kerberos Tickets for User the action account Action Name — ( Optional) Edit the name of the action Continue on Error — If an error occurs, continue to the Runs AD replication for the target next step rather than h alting Run AD Replication for User user within the AD site of the target the action resource Action Name — ( Optional) Edit the name of the action Definition — Enter a custom Powershell script here Continue on Error — If an Execute custom PowerShell script error occurs, continue to the Run Custom PowerShell Script during Activity next step rather than h alting the action Action Name — ( Optional) Edit the name of the action Run replication (via repadmin / Run Replication syncall) on closest domain Continue on Error — If an controller to the target resource error occurs, continue to the Table 1: Action Type Action Description Related Fields next step rather than h alting the action •• Action Name — ( Optional) Edit the name of the action Scan Host for Local Groups Scan local groups on the resource •• Continue on Error — If an error occurs, continue to the next step rather than h alting the action •• Action Name — ( Optional) Edit the name of the action Set Cisco User Privilege Set Cisco user Privilege level for account access (1-15) 1 = lowest rights 15 = highest rights •• Privilege — User Privilege level for account access (1-15) 1 = lowest rights 15 = highest rights •• Continue on Error — If an error occurs, continue to the next step rather than h alting the action •• Action Name — ( Optional) Edit the name of the action Table 2: Action Type Action Description Related Fields Monitor for User Log in Monitor the target resource for a login by the user •• Continue on Error — If an error occurs, continue to the Action Type Action Description Related Fields next step rather than h alting the action Action Name — ( Optional) Edit the name of the action Continue on Error — If an error occurs, continue to the next step rather than h alting Scan Host for Local Groups Scan local groups on the resource the action Action Name — ( Optional) Edit the name of the action Privilege — User Privilege level for account access (1-15) 1 = lowest rights 15 = highest rights Set Cisco user Privilege level for Continue on Error — If an Set Cisco User Privilege account access (1-15) 1 = lowest error occurs, continue to the rights 15 = highest rights next step rather than h alting the action Action Name — ( Optional) Edit the name of the action Session (Connect) Actions Action Type Action Description Related Fields Monitor the target resource for a Monitor for User Log in Continue on Error — If an login by the user error occurs, continue to the Table 1: Action Type Action Description Related Fields next step rather than h alting the action •• Action Name — ( Optional) Edit the name of the action Purge Kerberos Tickets for Host Purge all Kerberos tickets from the resource •• Continue on Error — If an error occurs, continue to the next step rather than h alting the action •• Action Name — ( Optional) Edit the name of the action Purge Kerberos Tickets for User Purge Kerberos Tickets for the login account •• Continue on Error — If an error occurs, continue to the next step rather than h alting the action •• Action Name — ( Optional) Edit the name of the action Run Custom PowerShell Script Execute custom PowerShell script during Activity •• Definition — Enter a custom Powershell script here •• Continue on Error — If an error occurs, continue to the next step rather than h alting the action •• Action Name — ( Optional) Edit the name of the action Run Replication Run replication (via repadmin / syncall) on closest domain controller to the target resource •• Continue on Error — If an error occurs, continue to the Action Type Action Description Related Fields next step rather than h alting the action Action Name — ( Optional) Edit the name of the action Continue on Error — If an error occurs, continue to the next step rather than h alting Purge all Kerberos tickets from the Purge Kerberos Tickets for Host the action resource Action Name — ( Optional) Edit the name of the action Continue on Error — If an error occurs, continue to the next step rather than h alting Purge Kerberos Tickets for the login Purge Kerberos Tickets for User the action account Action Name — ( Optional) Edit the name of the action Definition — Enter a custom Powershell script here Continue on Error — If an Execute custom PowerShell script error occurs, continue to the Run Custom PowerShell Script during Activity next step rather than h alting the action Action Name — ( Optional) Edit the name of the action Run replication (via repadmin / Run Replication syncall) on closest domain Continue on Error — If an controller to the target resource error occurs, continue to the Table 1: Action Type Action Description Related Fields next step rather than h alting the action •• Action Name — ( Optional) Edit the name of the action Scan Host for Local Groups Scan local groups on the resource •• Continue on Error — If an error occurs, continue to the next step rather than h alting the action •• Action Name — ( Optional) Edit the name of the action Table 2: Action Type Action Description Related Fields Disable RDP on Host Disable RDP on target resource •• Continue on Error — If an error occurs, continue to the next step rather than h alting the action •• Action Name — ( Optional) Edit the name of the action Invoke Protection Policy Validate membership of protected groups and remove unauthorized accounts •• Continue on Error — If an error occurs, continue to the next step rather than h alting the action Action Type Action Description Related Fields next step rather than h alting the action Action Name — ( Optional) Edit the name of the action Continue on Error — If an error occurs, continue to the next step rather than h alting Scan Host for Local Groups Scan local groups on the resource the action Action Name — ( Optional) Edit the name of the action Post-Session (Remove) Actions Action Type Action Description Related Fields Continue on Error — If an error occurs, continue to the next step rather than h alting Disable RDP on Host Disable RDP on target resource the action Action Name — ( Optional) Edit the name of the action Validate membership of protected Continue on Error — If an Invoke Protection Policy groups and remove unauthorized error occurs, continue to the accounts next step rather than h alting the action Table 1: Action Type Action Description Related Fields •• Action Name — ( Optional) Edit the name of the action Logoff User Log user off on Activity session close •• Continue on Error — If an error occurs, continue to the next step rather than h alting the action •• Action Name — ( Optional) Edit the name of the action Monitor File for Changes Monitors the specified file for modifications. If no changes are detected, an Info event is logged to the action log. If changes are detected (or the file goes missing after the pre-session hash), a Warning is logged to the action and event logs. •• File to Monitor — Enter the full local path to the file to be monitored •• Fail Pre-Session on Missing File — Fail session provisioning if the file to monitor cannot be found •• Fail Post-Session on Mismatch — Fail session during A ctivity post-session if monitored fi le checksum does not match •• Continue on Error — If an error occurs, continue to the next step rather than halting the action •• Action Name — ( Optional) Edit the name of the action •• Paired Action's Name — (Optional) Edit the name of the paired action Purge Kerberos Tickets for Host Purge all Kerberos tickets from the resource •• Continue on Error — If an error occurs, continue to the Action Type Action Description Related Fields Action Name — ( Optional) Edit the name of the action Continue on Error — If an error occurs, continue to the next step rather than h alting Log user off on Activity session Logoff User the action close Action Name — ( Optional) Edit the name of the action File to Monitor — Enter the full local path to the file to be monitored Fail Pre-Session on Missing File — Fail session provisioning if the file to monitor cannot be found Monitors the specified file for Fail Post-Session on Mismatch modifications. If no changes are — Fail session during A ctivity detected, an Info event is logged to post-session if monitored fi le the action log. If changes are Monitor File for Changes checksum does not match detected (or the file goes missing after the pre-session hash), a Continue on Error — If an Warning is logged to the action and error occurs, continue to the event logs. next step rather than halting the action Action Name — ( Optional) Edit the name of the action Paired Action's Name — (Optional) Edit the name of the paired action Purge all Kerberos tickets from the Purge Kerberos Tickets for Host Continue on Error — If an resource error occurs, continue to the Table 1: Action Type Action Description Related Fields next step rather than h alting the action •• Action Name — ( Optional) Edit the name of the action Purge Kerberos Tickets for User Purge Kerberos Tickets for the login account •• Continue on Error — If an error occurs, continue to the next step rather than h alting the action •• Action Name — ( Optional) Edit the name of the action Remove ADUC Permission Remove AD rights from the login account •• AD Object Type — Select which type of object to manage in the Organiza tional Unit, a User or Computer. •• AD Organizational Unit — Enter a pre-ex isting Organizational Unit the login account will have delegated permissions for. •• AD Rights to be Added — Select which right will be delegated to the login account for managing the previously s pecified Organizational Unit •• Continue on Error — If an error occurs, continue to the next step rather than h alting the action •• Action Name — ( Optional) Edit the name of the action Action Type Action Description Related Fields next step rather than h alting the action Action Name — ( Optional) Edit the name of the action Continue on Error — If an error occurs, continue to the next step rather than h alting Purge Kerberos Tickets for the login Purge Kerberos Tickets for User the action account Action Name — ( Optional) Edit the name of the action AD Object Type — Select which type of object to manage in the Organiza tional Unit, a User or Computer. AD Organizational Unit — Enter a pre-ex isting Organizational Unit the login account will have delegated permissions for. Remove AD rights from the login AD Rights to be Added — Remove ADUC Permission account Select which right will be delegated to the login account for managing the previously s pecified Organizational Unit Continue on Error — If an error occurs, continue to the next step rather than h alting the action Action Name — ( Optional) Edit the name of the action Table 1: Action Type Action Description Related Fields •• Paired Action's Name — (Optional) Edit the name of the paired action Remove from Microsoft Entra ID Role Remove Microsoft Entra ID role from the login account •• Microsoft Entra ID Role (Allows Custom Entries) — Enter which Microsoft Entra ID Directory Role will be added to the login account, or select from the Role o ptions in the dropdown. •• Continue on Error — If an error occurs, continue to the next step rather than halting the action •• Action Name — ( Optional) Edit the name of the action •• Paired Action's Name — (Optional) Edit the name of the paired action Remove Requester from Database Server Remove the login user from the database •• Continue on Error — If an error occurs, continue to the next step rather than h alting the action •• Action Name — ( Optional) Edit the name of the action •• Paired Action's Name — (Optional) Edit the name of the paired action Remove User from Database Role Remove the "Remove User from Database Role" login user from the given database role •• Database – (Optional) If a database is specified, the role gets removed from the Action Type Action Description Related Fields Paired Action's Name — (Optional) Edit the name of the paired action Microsoft Entra ID Role (Allows Custom Entries) — Enter which Microsoft Entra ID Directory Role will be added to the login account, or select from the Role o ptions in the dropdown. Continue on Error — If an Remove from Microsoft Entra ID Remove Microsoft Entra ID role error occurs, continue to the Role from the login account next step rather than halting the action Action Name — ( Optional) Edit the name of the action Paired Action's Name — (Optional) Edit the name of the paired action Continue on Error — If an error occurs, continue to the next step rather than h alting the action Remove Requester from Database Remove the login user from the Action Name — ( Optional) Server database Edit the name of the action Paired Action's Name — (Optional) Edit the name of the paired action Remove the "Remove User from Database – (Optional) If a Remove User from Database Role Database Role" login user from the database is specified, the role given database role gets removed from the Table 1: Action Type Action Description Related Fields specific database. If the database field is left blank, the role gets removed from the login user in the database instance. •• Role – The user is removed from this role •• Continue on Error — If an error occurs, continue to the next step rather than h alting the action •• Action Name — ( Optional) Edit the name of the action •• Paired Action's Name — (Optional) Edit the name of the paired action Remove Sudoers rule Remove previously created file in Sudoers directory •• Run As — Enter which account(s) the logged-in user can run commands as •• Commands — Enter the commands the user can run as a comma-separated list, or, enter ALL for all commands on the target resource. Make sure to use absolute paths in the command list. For example: /usr/bin/ yum, /usr/bin/ docker, /usr/bin/rpm •• Prompt for Password — If enabled, the logged-in user will need to enter their password to run elevated commands Action Type Action Description Related Fields specific database. If the database field is left blank, the role gets removed from the login user in the database instance. Role – The user is removed from this role Continue on Error — If an error occurs, continue to the next step rather than h alting the action Action Name — ( Optional) Edit the name of the action Paired Action's Name — (Optional) Edit the name of the paired action Run As — Enter which account(s) the logged-in user can run commands as Commands — Enter the commands the user can run as a comma-separated list, or, enter ALL for all commands on the target resource. Make Remove previously created file in Remove Sudoers rule sure to use absolute paths in Sudoers directory the command list. For example: /usr/bin/ yum, /usr/bin/ docker, /usr/bin/rpm Prompt for Password — If enabled, the logged-in user will need to enter their password to run elevated commands Table 1: Action Type Action Description Related Fields •• Continue on Error — If an error occurs, continue to the next step rather than h alting the action •• Action Name — ( Optional) Edit the name of the action •• Paired Action's Name — (Optional) Edit the name of the paired action Remove User from Domain Group Remove login account from domain group •• Domain — Enter an Active Directory domain •• Group (Allows Custom Entries) — Enter a preexisting Group the login account will be added to in the specified Domain •• Continue on Error — If an error occurs, continue to the next step rather than h alting the action •• Action Name — ( Optional) Edit the name of the action •• Paired Action's Name — (Optional) Edit the name of the paired action Remove User from Local Group Remove login account from local group •• Group (Allows Custom Entries) — Enter a preexisting Group the login account will be added to in the specified Domain •• Continue on Error — If an error occurs, continue to the Action Type Action Description Related Fields Continue on Error — If an error occurs, continue to the next step rather than h alting the action Action Name — ( Optional) Edit the name of the action Paired Action's Name — (Optional) Edit the name of the paired action Domain — Enter an Active Directory domain Group (Allows Custom Entries) — Enter a preexisting Group the login account will be added to in the specified Domain Remove login account from domain Continue on Error — If an Remove User from Domain Group group error occurs, continue to the next step rather than h alting the action Action Name — ( Optional) Edit the name of the action Paired Action's Name — (Optional) Edit the name of the paired action Group (Allows Custom Entries) — Enter a preexisting Group the login Remove login account from local Remove User from Local Group account will be added to in group the specified Domain Continue on Error — If an error occurs, continue to the Table 1: Action Type Action Description Related Fields next step rather than h alting the action •• Action Name — ( Optional) Edit the name of the action •• Paired Action's Name — (Optional) Edit the name of the paired action Run Custom PowerShell Script Execute custom PowerShell script during Activity •• Definition — Enter a custom Powershell script here •• Continue on Error — If an error occurs, continue to the next step rather than h alting the action •• Action Name — ( Optional) Edit the name of the action Run Replication Run replication (via repadmin / syncall) on closest domain controller to the target resource •• Continue on Error — If an error occurs, continue to the next step rather than h alting the action •• Action Name — ( Optional) Edit the name of the action Scan Host for Local Groups Scan local groups on the resource •• Continue on Error — If an error occurs, continue to the next step rather than h alting the action •• Action Name — ( Optional) Edit the name of the action Action Type Action Description Related Fields next step rather than h alting the action Action Name — ( Optional) Edit the name of the action Paired Action's Name — (Optional) Edit the name of the paired action Definition — Enter a custom Powershell script here Continue on Error — If an Execute custom PowerShell script error occurs, continue to the Run Custom PowerShell Script during Activity next step rather than h alting the action Action Name — ( Optional) Edit the name of the action Continue on Error — If an error occurs, continue to the Run replication (via repadmin / next step rather than h alting Run Replication syncall) on closest domain the action controller to the target resource Action Name — ( Optional) Edit the name of the action Continue on Error — If an error occurs, continue to the next step rather than h alting Scan Host for Local Groups Scan local groups on the resource the action Action Name — ( Optional) Edit the name of the action Table 1: Action Type Action Description Related Fields Set Cisco User Privilege Set Cisco user Privilege level for account access (1-15) 1 = lowest rights 15 = highest rights •• Privilege — User Privilege level for account access (1-15) 1 = lowest rights 15 = highest rights •• Continue on Error — If an error occurs, continue to the next step rather than h alting the action •• Action Name — ( Optional) Edit the name of the action Action Type Action Description Related Fields Privilege — User Privilege level for account access (1-15) 1 = lowest rights 15 = highest rights Set Cisco user Privilege level for Continue on Error — If an Set Cisco User Privilege account access (1-15) 1 = lowest error occurs, continue to the rights 15 = highest rights next step rather than h alting the action Action Name — ( Optional) Edit the name of the action Activity Groups Page The Activity Groups page is accessible from the Navigation pane under Activities. It shows the configured activities groups. Activities are for singular activities based on a specific platform whereas Activity Groups can be used for cross platform activities such as granting local administrator access. See the Activities Page topic for additional information. The pane on the left side of the page displays a list of the configured activity group. This pane has the following features: Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. Green + button — Create a new activity group. See the Add Activity Groups topic for additional information. Trashcan icon — Deletes the activity group. Icon appears when activity is hovered over. A confirmation window will display. The selected activity group details display at the top of the main pane: Name — Displays the name of the group Description — Description of the policy Created By — Indicates who created the activity group If any of these settings are modified, Save and Cancel buttons are displayed. Click Save to commit the modifications. Click Cancel to discard the modifications. The table at the bottom of the main pane has the following features: Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. Add — Opens the Add Activities window Remove — Removes the selected item. A confirmation window will display. Refresh — Reload the information displayed The table has the following columns: Checkbox — Check to select one or more items Name — Displays the name of the activity. Click the link to view additional details. See the Activities Page topic for additional details. Created — Date timestamp when the item was created The table columns can be resized and sorted in ascending or descending order. Add Activity Groups Follow the steps to add activity groups to the console. Step 1 – Navigate to the Activities page. Step 2 – In the Activity Groups list, click the Add Activity Group icon. Step 3 – Enter the following information: Name – Displays name of the activity group. Description – (Optional) Description of the policy. Step 4 – Click Save to create the new activity group. Step 5 – With the new activity group selected, configure the following settings: Add activities to the activity group. See the Add Activities Window topic for additional information. The new activity group is added to the console and is shown in the Activity Groups list. Add Activities Window The Add Activities window provides a list of Activities that have been created. Activities are created in the Activities Page. The window has the following features: Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. Available Activities — Shows all available activities Activities to Add — Shows selected activities Add button — Closes the window Both tables have the following columns: Checkbox — Check to select one or more items Type — Classification of the activity Name — Displays the name of the activity Description — Description of the policy Created — Date timestamp when the item was created Add Activities Follow the steps to add activities to an activity group. Step 1 – Navigate to the Policy > Access Policies page. Step 2 – In the Activity Groups list, select the name of the activity group. Step 3 – Click Add to open the Add Activities window. The Add Activities and Activity Groups window has the following features: Search – Searches the Name and Operating System columns to match the search string. When matches are found, both tables are filtered to the matching results. Available Credentials and Groups– Shows all Credentials and Groups that have been added to the console Credentials and Groups to Add – Shows the Credentials and Groups to be added to the protection policy Column headers can be sorted in ascending or descending order Name – The name of the activity Type – The type of activity, individual or group Description – Additional details for the activity Step 4 – To add an activity to the activity group, click a row in the Available Activities list and it is immediately moved to the Activities to Add list. Step 5 – (Optional) Click a row in the Activities to Add list to move it back to the All Activities list. Step 6 – Click Add to add the activities to the activity group. The activities are added to the activity group. Configuration Interface The Configuration interface provides information and management options for advanced configuration settings. Expand the Configuration menu in the Navigation pane for related pages: Service Accounts Page — Add or modify service accounts Service Nodes: Service Nodes Page — View the status and details of Privilege Secure Services Scheduled Tasks Page — View or modify recurring tasks System Settings — Modify the system settings: Action Service Settings Page Database Page Email Configuration Page Global Settings Page Local Account Password Options Page Password History Options Page Local Account Password Options Page Services Page Authentication Page — Add or modify multi-factor authentication (MFA) Integration Connectors Page — Configure settings for integration with other applications SIEM: SIEM Server Page — Add or modify SIEM servers SIEM Templates Page — Add or modify SIEM templates Service Accounts Page The Service Accounts page is accessible from the Navigation pane under Configuration. It shows the configured service accounts required by Privilege Secure services. The pane on the left side of the page displays a list of the configured service accounts. This pane has the following features: Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. Green + button — Create a new service account. See the Add Service Account topic for additional information. Trashcan icon — Deletes the service account. Icon appears when activity is hovered over. A confirmation window will display. The selected service account details display at the top of the main pane: Name — Displays the name of the account Description — Description of the policy Platform — Displays the type of platform, which defines the resource Domain — Displays the domain name for the account. This field does not apply to Microsoft Entra ID platforms. Address — Displays the CyberArk address. This field only applies to CyberArk vault connectors. Username — Displays the name of the credential. This field does not apply to Microsoft Entra ID platforms. App ID — Displays the globally unique identifier for the targeted app registered in the Active Directory tenant. This field only applies to Microsoft Entra ID platforms. See the Microsoft Entra ID App Registration for additional information. Elevation Command — Displays the elevation mechanism for the host, such as: sudo, pbrun, pmrun, dzdo, etc.. This field only applies to Linux platforms. Vault Connector — Displays the name of the assigned vault connector. See the Bring Your Own Vault (BYOV) Integration topic for additional information. Authentication: Enable Password — Temporarily elevates the Service Account to Privileged EXEC mode, allowing the account to manage the users and privileges required by Privilege Secure workflows on Cisco resources. The Enable Password can be used with any existing user account on the Cisco device (privilege level 1 - 15). This field only applies to Cisco platforms. Authentication Method — Displays the method by which a service account is authenticated. This field only applies to Linux platforms. Password — Use a password to use for authentication SSH Certificate — Use an SSH certificate to use for authentication SSH Certificate and Password — Use both a password and an SSH certificate to use for authentication Password — Contains the service account password. The Eye icon can be used to view the password. This field does not apply to Microsoft Entra ID platforms. Private Key — Displays a private key to use in conjunction with a passphrase. This field only applies to Linux platforms with SSH Certificate or SSH Certificate and Password authentication methods are selected. SSH Passphrase — Displays an SSH passphrase to use for authentication. This fi eld only applies to Linux platforms with SSH Certificate or SSH Certificate and Password authentication methods are selected. App Secret — Displays the security token for the targeted app registered in the tenant. This field only applies to Microsoft Entra ID platforms. See the Microsoft Entra ID App Registration for additional information. Safe — Displays the CyberArk safe where the login account is stored. This field only applies to CyberArk vault connectors. Folder — Displays the CyberArk folder where the login account is stored. This fi eld only applies to CyberArk vault connectors. Library — Displays the library where the login account is stored. This field only applies to HashiCorp vault connectors. If any of these settings are modified, Save and Cancel buttons are displayed. Click Save to commit the modifications. Click Cancel to discard the modifications. Th "Service Account is Managed by Privilege Secure when the account has been configured to be managed by the application. See the Credentials Page topic for additional information. Add Service Account Follow the steps to add a service account to the console. Step 1 – Navigate to the Configuration > Service Accounts page. Step 2 – In the Service Account list, click the Plus icon. Step 3 – Enter the applicable information. See the Service Accounts Page section for detailed descriptions of the fields. For service accounts checked out through a vault connector, select a previously added vault connector from the drop-down list. See the Bring Your Own Vault (BYOV) Integration topic for additional information. Step 4 – Click Save to create the new service account. The new service account is added to the Service Accounts list. Microsoft Entra ID App Registration To create a Microsoft Entra ID (formerly Azure AD) service account and add an Microsoft Entra ID tenant to Privilege Secure, the following information is required: App ID (For service account) App Secret (For service account) Tenant ID (To add resource) Log in to Microsoft Entra ID and follow the steps to generate the required information for Privilege Secure. Create App Registration Create an App Registration in Entra ID (Entra ID > App Registrations) as an admin in Entra ID. Step 1 – Click New Registration. Step 2 – Name it, keep all default settings, and click Register. Step 3 – Expand the Manage menu, then click API Permissions. Step 4 – Using this menu, grant the following Microsoft Graph API permissions: Application Permissions: ◦ Directory.ReadWrite.All ◦ Group.ReadWrite.All ◦ User.ReadWrite.All ◦ RoleManagement.ReadWrite.Directory Delegated Permissions: ◦ User.Read Step 5 – Click Grant Admin Consent. Ensure the Grant Admin Consent was successful within the Configured permissions menu. A message at the top of the page will display the following message: Sucessfully granted admin consent for the requested permissions. Generate Secret Generate a secret for the App Registration Step 1 – In the App Registration section, click Certificates & Secrets. Step 2 – Click New Client Secret. Step 3 – Set any expiration date (your preference), and click Add. Step 4 – Copy the Secret Value before leaving the page. The Secret Value, which is the App Secret value required for adding an Entra ID Service Account to Netwrix Privilege Secure, is never displayed again. Step 5 – Return to the App Registration Overview page to get the following values: Application (client) ID, required for the Netwrix Privilege Secure Entra ID Service Account Directory (tenant) ID, required to add an Entra ID tenant resource to Netwrix Privilege Secure Add App Registration to Admin Role Add the App Registration to the User Administrators role. NOTE: User Administrator is the least privileged model and cannot manage Global Administrator. To manage the Global Administrator role, assign the Global Administrator role to the App registration instead of User Administrator. Step 1 – Navigate to Entra ID. Step 2 – Click Roles and Administrators. Step 3 – Locate and click on the User Administrator role. Step 4 – Click Add Assignments. Step 5 – Search for the name of the previously created App Registration, click on it, and click Select. Step 6 – Click Next, then select the Setting Tab and provide justification text before clicking Assign. The service account can now be added to Privilege Secure, using the Application (Client) ID and Client Secret. See the Service Accounts Page topic for additional information. Add the Microsoft Entra ID Tenant resource to Privilege Secure using the Tenant ID. See the Add New Microsoft Entra ID Tenant topic for additional information. Rotate a Microsoft Entra ID Account Password in a Hybrid Tenant In order for existing account passwords to be rotated by Privilege Secure in hybrid Microsoft Entra ID tenants, the Password Writeback feature in Microsoft Entra ID must be enabled. Enabling Password Writeback allows hybrid account passwords to be updated either in onprem AD or in Microsoft Entra ID, and the result will be synced to the other location. Without having this functionality enabled in a hybrid Microsoft Entra ID tenant, all attempts to change an account's password will fail. Enabling Password Writeback is not specific to Privilege Secure. See the Open Enable Entra ID password writeback Microsoft article for additional information. Service Nodes Page On the Service Nodes page, configure the services for each installed service node. The left of the page lists the Service Nodes and the services running on them: Search Service Nodes – Enter the name of a service node to filter the list Search Services – Enter the name of a service to filter the list Status icon – Shows the status of the services on the node. Hover over the icon for its description: Online – All services are online Partial – Some services are offline Offline – All services are offline Services list – Select a service from the list to view and edit settings The right of the page shows details of the selected service: Action Service Email Service Proxy Service Scheduler Service SIEM Service Action Service On the Action Services page, view or modify action services. The Action Service page shows details of the selected action service and has the following features: Name – Name of the selected action service Action Logs Tab Action Queue Tab Properties Tab Action Logs Tab The Action Logs tab shows the event logs for the action service. The Action Logs table has the following features: Search – Searches the Name column to match the search string. When matches are found, the table is filtered to the matching results. The Action Logs table has two buttons: View Logs – View additional log information for the selected action Refresh – Reload the information displayed Column headers can be sorted by ascending or descending order: Name – Name of the action processed Resource – The resource the action will run on User – The account associated with the action Status – Shows status information for the action: Complete – Action completed successfully Failed – Action failed Start Time – Indications when the action started End Time – Indications when the action completed Action Queue Tab The Action Queue tab shows the tasks to be executed by the action service. The Action Queue table has the following features: Search – Searches the Name column to match the search string. When matches are found, the table is filtered to the matching results. The Action Queue table has two buttons: View Logs – View additional log information for the selected action Refresh – Reload the information displayed Column headers can be sorted by ascending or descending order: Name – Name of the action to be executed Resource – The resource the action will run on User – The account associated with the action Status – Shows status information for the action: Complete – Action completed successfully Failed – Action failed Start Time – Indications when the action started End Time – Indications when the action completed Properties Tab The Properties tab shows additional information about the action service. The Properties table has the following features: Column headers can be sorted by ascending or descending order: Name – Property of the Action Service and its host Value – Value of the Action Service / host property Email Service On the Email Services page, add and configure the settings used for email notifications. The Email Service page shows details of the selected email service and has the following features: Email Settings Tab Email Queue Tab Email Settings Tab On the Email Settings tab, view and edit the email service settings. The Email Settings tab has the following features: From Address – The address that will be shown in the 'From' field of the email Hostname (FQDN or IP) – SMTP host that Privilege Secure needs to connect to Port – SMTP port Credentials for Connection – Service account with credentials for the SMTP server Use TLS – Check the checkbox to enable TLS Test Settings – Click to verify the connection to the email client Email Queue Tab The Email Queue tab shows all outgoing mail notifications. The Email Queue table has the following features: Search – Searches the To Address and Subject columns to match the search string. When matches are found, the table is filtered to the matching results. Column headers can be resized and sorted by ascending or descending order: Created – Timestamp of notification creation Sent – Timestamp of when the notification was sent To Address – The email address of the recipient Subject – The message text Proxy Service The Proxy Service page shows the details of the selected service on the host. The Proxy Service page lists the properties for the selected proxy service: Name – Property name Value – Property value Scheduler Service On the Scheduler Service page, view information for scheduled services. The Scheduler Service page shows details of the selected service and has the following features: Statistics Tab Action Queues Tab Statistics Tab The Statistics tab shows an overview of the actions for the past 24 hours. The Statistics tab shows the total number of actions for each of the following statuses: Unknown Pending Queued Running Complete Failed Canceled Completed With Errors Completed Not Run Action Queues Tab The Action Queues tab shows all scheduled services. The Action Queues table has the following features: Search – Searches the columns to match the search string. When matches are found, the table is filtered to the matching results. Refresh button – Reload the information displayed Column headers can be sorted by ascending or descending order: Start Time – Indications when the action started End Time – Indications when the action completed Job Name – Name of the scheduled action AQ Status – Status of the service AQ Status Description – Describes the status type Activity Status – Shows status information for the action: Complete – Action completed successfully Failed – Action failed SIEM Service The SIEM Service shows the SIEM-specific details for the selected service. The SIEM Service page has the following features: Search — Searches the Message column to match the search string. When matches are found, the table is filtered to the matching results. Filter by Status — Provides options to filter results based on a chosen criterion: All, Sent, or Not Sent. Refresh — Reload the information displayed Column headers can be sorted by ascending or descending order: Sent Time — When the event was processed. Sent — Indicates successful processing of the event Sent — Indicates the message was sent successfully. Not Sent — Indicates the message has not been sent. Message — The SIEM event to be processed. SIEM Host — The SIEM server the event is destined for. Resource — The resource associated with the event, If applicable. Account — The account associated with the event, if applicable. Activity — The activity associated with the event, if applicable. Username — The user name associated with the event, if applicable. Scheduled Tasks Page On the Scheduled Tasks page, view scheduled tasks run by the console. The Scheduled Tasks page has the following features: Search — Searches the Task Name column to match the search string. When matches are found, the table is filtered to the matching results. Column headers can be sorted by ascending or descending order: Task Name — Name of the scheduled task Last Run Time — Last run timestamp Next Run Time — Indicates the next time the task is scheduled to run Recurrence — Scheduled recurrence Last Status — Status of scheduled task View Logs button — Click to view logs for the selected task Refresh – Reload the information displayed Action Service Settings Page The Action Service Settings page is accessible from the Navigation pane under Configuration > System Settings. It shows all action service settings to customize or override action timeout. The Action Service Settings page has the following features: Description — Description of the policy Timeout Override — Check this box to expose the current timeout override option Timeout Override (minutes) — Enter a time (in minutes) to customize or override the current action service timeout limit Database Page The Database page is accessible from the Navigation pane under Configuration > System Settings. It shows all database settings for either PostgreSQL or SQL server, depending on what was initially configured during installation. PostgreSQL Database Settings The Database Settings page displays the following settings for PostgreSQL: Host — The resource the database is using Port — Port number of the server proxy Database — The database the resource is using Service Status — Displays the current status of the database service Name — Identifier for the database setting Value — Value of the setting SQL Server Database Settings The Database Settings page displays the following settings for SQL Server: Host — The resource the database is using Port — Port number of the server proxy Database — The database the resource is using Service Status — Displays the current status of the database service Email Configuration Page The Email Configuration page is accessible from the Navigation pane under Configuration > System Settings. The right of the page shows details of the email configuration settings and has the following features: Website URL — Specify the website URL for emailed links in the following format: https://fqdn:port e.g. https://sbpam1.company.com:6500 This field determines the link format in all emails and notifications sent by Privilege Secure. Example Email Global Settings Page The Global Settings page is accessible from the Navigation pane under Configuration > System Settings. It shows all global RDP session settings. The right of the page shows details of the RDP file settings and has the following features: Edit — Click any field to edit the selected settings Name — Name of the selected settings Allowed Resolutions — Check the boxes to enable those resolutions for the RDP session Default Resolution — The resolution the RDP session will use when first connected Certificate Thumbprint — The hexadecimal certificate (or thumbprint) value. See the Sign RDP Files to Prevent Publisher Warning topic for additional information. WinRM HTTP Setting– This setting governs the HTTP encryption settings that will be used for WinRM connections. The following options are available: ◦ Use HTTP ◦ Use HTTPS if available ◦ Use HTTPS only UI Idle Timeout Options — Users with the Administrator role can configure the idle timeout for the Privilege Secure Console. The default idle timeout is 10 minutes. Save button (only visible when editing) — Saves changes Cancel button (only visible when editing) — Discards changes Local Account Password Options Page The Local Account Password Options page is accessible from the Navigation pane under Configuration > System Settings. Provide the following information for the local accounts: Length– Specify the length of the local account password Unique Chars – Specify the number of the unique characters to include in the local account password Configure the following requirements to the local account password: Require Non-Alfanumeric Require Lowercase Require Uppercase Require Digit Expiration days – The number of days the password can be used before the password expires Password History Options Page The Password History Options page is accessible from the Navigation pane under Configura tion > System Settings. The page shows details of the password history settings and has the following features: Name — Name of the selected settings Historical Password Limit — Number of previous passwords that cannot be reused (Range: 1 - 50, Default: 7) Days of Password Retention — The number of days the password record is kept in the history (Range 1 - 365, Default 30) Save button (only visible when editing) — Saves changes Cancel button (only visible when editing) — Discards changes Services Page The Services page is accessible from the Navigation pane under Configuration > System Settings. Configure and register services on the Web Service host. After a website certificate is installed in IIS, it is necessary to update the Netwrix Privilege Secure web services to ensure they are calling the correct URL. If the Web Services are set to the wrong address, the services will show offline in the Services Node area. NOTE: Make sure that the web certificate is updated in IIS prior to setting a new value in Netwrix Privilege Secure. It is important to ensure the Binding Hostname in IIS, the c ertificate Subject, and the NPS Rest URL value in the Services page exactly match. NOTE: The Services Settings page has the following features: NPS Rest URL — The full qualified domain name (FQDN) of the new IIS web certificate Ignore HTTPS Certificate Errors — When checked, the console will ignore any HTTPS certificate errors (not recommended for production environments) Register Services — Applies the new URL value to the Netwrix Privilege Secure web services and re-registers them Save button (only visible when editing) — Saves changes Cancel button (only visible when editing) — Discards changes Authentication Page The Authentication page is accessible from the Navigation pane under Configuration. It shows the configured multi-factor authentication (MFA) or other third-party authentication connectors such as OpenID Connect and SAML. Once configured, an authentication method may be assigned to any users who will use the method for accessing the application. See the Authentication Connector Tab topic for additional information. The pane on the left side of the page displays a list of the configured authentication connectors. This pane has the following features: Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. + button — Create a new connector. See the Add Authentication Connector topic for additional information. Default icon — Indicates if connector is set as default. Icon appears when activity is hovered over. Click the icon to change or clear the default. Exclusive icon — Indicates if connector is set as exclusive. Icon appears when activity is hovered over. Click the icon to change or clear the default. Trashcan icon — Deletes the connector. Icon appears when activity is hovered over. A confirmation window will display. The selected connector details display at the top of the main pane: Name — Displays the name of the authentication connector Description — Description of the policy Connector Type — Indicates the type of authentication: MFA, OpenID Connect, and SAML. Remaining fields vary based on the Connector Type selected. If any of these settings are modified, Save and Cancel buttons are displayed. Click Save to commit the modifications. Click Cancel to discard the modifications. MFA Connector Type The following fields apply to the MFA Connector Type: Server FQDN / IP — Address of the RADIUS server proxy Remote Port — Port of the RADIUS server proxy Auth Type — Security protocol used for communications between the Privilege Secure server and the RADIUS proxy Shared Secret — Shared secret for the RADIUS proxy Max Retries — Indicates how many times the Privilege Secure server will attempt to communicate with the RADIUS proxy Timeout (Seconds) — Indicates how long before Privilege Secure determines that the communication with the RADIUS proxy has failed Title for MFA Auth Dialog — Title that will appear at the top of the authentication dialog Text for MFA Auth Dialog — Text that will be displayed to the user prompting for action Send NAS Identifier checkbox — Indicates if the NAS identifiers are transmitted to the RADIUS proxy. This is required for certain RADIUS proxy implementations that require it. The NAS IP Address value is the IP address of the Privilege Secure server; the NAS Identifier is “SbPAM”. Send Initial Text checkbox — Indicates if the value in the Initial Auto Response Text is automatically sent to the RADIUS proxy without user action Initial Auto Response Text — This value is sent to the RADIUS server automatically if the Send Initial Text option is enabled. For example, this might be “push” to immediately have the user’s phone app prompt for authorization. Prefix for Response Text — Displays the value that is added to the beginning of the responses. The value will vary according to server. Format for Username (Allows Custom Entries) — Displays the Username value that is sent to the RADIUS server (default: SAMAccountname@NetBiosDomain). This format will be used by the authenticator at log in. If configured to use "Email" or "UPN" (optional attributes) the authenticator will use that format at log in, but send the default value to the RADIUS server. OpenID Connect Connector Type The following fields apply to the OpenID Connect Connector Type: Configuration Wizard button — Opens the Configuration Wizard for the selected type of connector. See the OpenID Connect Configuration Wizard topic for additional information. Show / Hide Data link — Click the link to view or hide additional details Issuer — Displays the OpenID Connect provider issuer URI Client Id — Displays the OpenID Connect provider application Id for Privilege Secure Login Format — Indicates which Active Directory user ID property is used for the user login name: sAMAccountName, User Principal Name, Email, or SID User Id Source — Displays the source from which the User Id data is extracted User Id Field — Displays the value from the extracted data to use for host-user lookup SAML Connector Type The following fields apply to the SAML Connector Type: Configuration Wizard button — Opens the Configuration Wizard for the selected type of connector. See the SAML Configuration Wizard topic for additional information. Show / Hide Data link — Click the link to view or hide additional details Login URI — Displays the SAML provider issuer URI Name ID Policy — Displays the name of the ID Policy Login Format — Indicates which Active Directory user ID property is used for the user login name: sAMAccountName, User Principal Name, Email, or SID User Claim — Displays the name of the user attribute to use Check Certificate checkbox — Select to check if a safe certificate is needed Certificate — Provide your certificate file Logout URI — Displays the simple logout address (not a SAML SLO endpoint), which takes a parameter for the post logout redirection Table 1: Description Option Login Screen Set as Default — Sets the authentication connector as the default login option and includes the option to login with Active Directory credentials Set Authentication as Default Login Once a third-party authentication connector is configured, it can be set as the default form of authentication, or it can be set as the exclusive form of authentication. Hover over the authentication connector to display the configuration options. There are two options that can be configured for the authentication connector, Set as Default and Set as Exclusive. Description Option Login Screen Set as Default — Sets the authentication connector as the default login option and includes the option to login with Active Directory credentials Table 1: Description Option Login Screen Set as Exclusive — Sets the authentication connector as the only option to login and the o ption to login with Active Directory credentials is removed Description Option Login Screen Set as Exclusive — Sets the authentication connector as the only option to login and the o ption to login with Active Directory credentials is removed Once the authentication connector is set to Default or Exclusive, the login will be updated to reflect the configuration selected. Add Authentication Connector Follow the steps to add an authentication connector to the console. Step 1 – Navigate to the Configuration > Authentication page. Step 2 – In the Connectors list, click the Plus icon. Step 3 – Enter the following information: Authentication Connector Name – Displays the name of the authentication connector Connector Description (Optional) – Enter a brief description to identify the service account Connection Type – Indicates the type of authentication NOTE: Once the Connection Type is selected, additional fields become available. The available fields will change depending on the selection. Step 4 – Enter the information from the applicable authentication connector provider. See the Authentication Page section for detailed descriptions of the fields. For OpenID Connect, open the OpenID Connect Configuration Wizard For SAML, open the SAML Configuration Wizard See the OpenID Connect Authentication appendices for additional information on how to configure third party Authentication Connectors. Step 5 – Click Save to create the new authentication connector. The new authentication connector is added to the Connectors list. OpenID Connect Configuration Wizard The OpenID Connect Configuration wizard is opened with the Configuration Wizard button in the Configuration > Authentication Page for an OpenID Connect Authentication Connector Type. It contains three pages: Configure Client Test Login Configure Id Mapping Configure OpenID Connect Authentication Connector Follow the steps to verify the OpenID Connect configuration: Step 1 – Navigate to the Configuration > Authentication page. Step 2 – In the Connectors list, select the applicable authentication connector and click Configuration Wizard. Step 3 – On the Configure Client page, enter the following information: Issuer – The OpenId Connect provider issuer URI. Out-going redirection requires the correct “Issuer” path to be set. Incorrect settings will generally result in a 404 error. Client Id – The OpenId Connect provider application Id for Privilege Secure Callback Address – The OpenID Connect provider requires the Privilege Secure callback path to be authorized. Generally this is displayed by the provider after redirection. Enter the address and port of the Privilege Secure server: [protocol]//[hostname]:[port]/callback CORS – The OpenID Connect provider requires the Privilege Secure callback location to be configured for CORS. This will either be displayed by the provider after redirection, or a 500 error is returned. If an error is returned, CORS is probably not configured with the correct information. Enter the address and port of the Privilege Secure server: [protocol]//[hostname]:[port] CAUTION: In the next step, verify that the Sign In page displays as expected, but do NOT sign in at this step. Step 4 – Click Test Connection to verify the connection configuration. This opens the Sign In page in the browser. Do NOT sign in. If the Sign In page does not display as expected, review the values configured for the OpenID Connect connector and modify them where needed. Then, verify the Sign In page again. NOTE: When configuring OpenID Connect for Okta, it may be necessary to ensure that the Grant type in Okta is set to Implicit (hybrid) and the sub-settings Allow ID Token with implicit grant type and Allow Access Token with implicit grant type are both enabled. Step 5 – Click the browser’s back arrow to return to the Configure Client wizard page. Step 6 – If the Sign In page displayed as expected, click Next. Step 7 – On the Test Login page, click Login. The Sign In page opens in the browser. Step 8 – Enter valid credentials for the OpenID Connect provider and sign in. Step 9 – If the sign in was successful, the generated access token will display. This is passed to the UserTokenController so that the user information can be extracted. Click Next. Step 10 – On the Configure ID Mapping page, click Get User Data. Privilege Secure will use the access token to retrieve user data from the OpenId Connect provider. The OpenID Connect provider requires a User Id Field for sign in. It is necessary to specify which field in Active Directory should map to that User Id Field, so that Privilege Secure can automatically fill in the required credentials at login. The value provided is used to sign in to the multi factor authenticator (MFA) when a user logs in to the Privilege Secure Console. In order to connect a user from the OpenID Connect provider to a user in the Privilege Secure copy of the AD data, it is necessary to map a field in the provider list to a field in the Privilege Secure host user table. The exact fields to map will vary between providers and according to the user’s AD configuration. The table displays the retrieved data that can be used for the host user lookup. The user must select from the displayed records a field that corresponds to a value in their AD configur ation. For example, if the AD data contains email addresses, they can select any of the fields which contain email addresses. Field values will vary according to the information supplied by the provider. Example Values come from the provider and will vary: Source – There are three ways to extract the data, depending on the provider and the application configuration in the provider (unfortunately, there is no consistency in how the data is formatted): Introspection Endpoint – (Preferred) Not supported by all providers. Also validates the token. UserInfo Endpoint – Microsoft Entra ID has two User Info endpoints which return slightly different data sets (be sure to check both). Some providers require authorization for this endpoint. May otherwise validate the token. Token parsing – (Least preferred) The access token contains claims which include some user information. This is the least secure method since the token is received indirectly. This option should not be used unless all other options have failed. Field – Shows the possible fields used by the OpenID Connect provider detected by Privilege Secure. Example Value – Shows an example value for the field based on the login credentials provided in the previous step. This represents the format of the value that will be used to sign in to the MFA during log in. NOTE: These are not the credentials that will be used during the login process; only an example of the format of those credentials. The actual credentials used are unique to each user and are setup during the MFA registration process for that user. Step 11 – Select a field to use for the User Id Field and click Select. Step 12 – The selected Source and User ID fields from the previous table are shown. Now map the applicable AD field to the User Id Field. This is the value that will be used to sign in to the MFA during login. In the Login Format drop-down, select the applicable AD field to map to the User Id Field. Step 13 – Click Finish. A window will display the updated configuration settings. Step 14 – Click Okay to close the wizard and click Save on the Authentication page to accept the changes. The Authentication Connector is configured and added to the Connectors list. OpenID Connect Authentication Okta The following sections provide configuration information to use OpenID with an Okta account. Adding Users In order to use the OpenID login functionality with Privilege Secure an Okta user must match a user in an AD domain that Privilege Secure is aware of. NOTE: The user will also need to be given access to Privilege Secure by assigning them a role from the Config->Role Management screen. To create a new user click the Directory menu item and select People from the drop-down. You should see this screen. If your screen doesn’t look like this then you’re probably in Developer Console view. Click in the top left corner (where it says Developer Console) and choose Classic UI. To add a new user, click the Add Person button: Privilege Secure will use the ‘Username’ value to search the host-user table for the matching user. The OpenID Connector configuration screen gives 3 options for the host-user field that the Okta Username will be matched against – under the Login Format dropdown: sAMAccountName User Principal Name Email Address NOTE: Okta doesn’t allow sAMAccountName to be used as the Username so we can’t use that one here. Users in sbpam.local are all set up with both UPN and Email Address – but they’re not the same. The two Okta users below both map to the same sbpam.local user To use the first account the Privilege Secure OpenID Connector Login Format should be set to Email, for the second UPN. So, to create a user enter the appropriate Username value and other data. I recommend setting the Password option to ‘Set by Admin’ and setting it yourself. If the user is required to set (or reset) their own password then it will be handled on the Okta side – which won’t give control back to Privilege Secure until it’s done. Assigning Users to Applications Currently we only have one application and users are being automatically assigned – but that may not always be the case, so… When the user has been created click on their name and you will see the User Details screen: If the application you want to use is not listed, click the ‘Assign Applications’ button and select it. SAML Configuration Wizard The SAML Configuration wizard is opened with the Configuration Wizard button in the Configuration > Authentication Page for an SAML Authentication Connector Type. It contains four pages: Configure Client Test Login Configure Id Mapping Test Logout Configure OpenID Connect Authentication Connector Follow the steps to verify the SAML configuration: Step 1 – Navigate to the Configuration > Authentication page. Step 2 – In the Connectors list, select the applicable authentication connector and click Configuration Wizard. Step 3 – On the Configure Client page, enter the following information: Signin URI– The SAML provider issuer URI. Out-going redirection requires the correct “Issuer” path to be set. Incorrect settings will generally result in a 404 error. Callback Address – The SAML provider requires the Privilege Secure callback path to be authorized. Generally this is displayed by the provider after redirection. Enter the address and port of the Privilege Secure server: [protocol]//[hostname]:[port]/callback CORS – The SAML provider requires the Privilege Secure callback location to be configure d for CORS. This will either be displayed by the provider after redirection, or a 500 error is returned. If an error is returned, CORS is probably not configured with the correct information. Enter the address and port of the Privilege Secure server: [protocol]//[hostname]:[port] CAUTION: In the next step, verify that the Sign In page displays as expected, but do NOT sign in at this step. Step 4 – Click Test Connection to verify the connection configuration. This opens the Sign In page in the browser. Do NOT sign in. If the Sign In page does not display as expected, review the values configured for the SAML connector and modify them where needed. Then, verify the Sign In page again. Step 5 – Click the browser’s back arrow to return to the Configure Client wizard page. Step 6 – If the Sign In page displayed as expected, click Next. When the SAML provider authenticates a user login, it will optionally sign that authentication using a certificate (available from the SAML provider). Privilege Secure can be configured to validate the authentication using the certificate. Step 7 – (Optional) On the Test Login page, enter the following information: Check Certificate – Check to have Privilege Secure validate the authentication using the certificate. Certificate – Enter the authentication certificate. Step 8 – Click Login. The Sign In page opens in the browser. Step 9 – Enter valid credentials for the SAML provider and sign in. Step 10 – If the sign in was successful, the Provider User Name/Id will display. This is passed to the UserTokenController so that the user information can be extracted. Click Next. SpPAM will use the access token to retrieve user data from the SAML provider. The SAML provider requires a User Id Field for sign in. It is necessary to specify which field in Active Directory should map to that User Id Field, so that Privilege Secure can automatically fill in the required credentials at login. The value provided is used to sign in to the multi factor authenticator (MFA) when a user logs in to the Privilege Secure Console. In order to connect a user from the SAML provider to a user in the Privilege Secure copy of the AD data, it is necessary to map a field in the provider list to a field in the Privilege Secure host user table. The exact fields to map will vary between providers and according to the user’s AD configuration. The table displays the retrieved data that can be used for the host user lookup. The user must select from the displayed records a field that corresponds to a value in their AD configur ation. For example, if the AD data contains email addresses, they can select any of the fields which contain email addresses. Field values will vary according to the information supplied by the provider. Example Values come from the provider and will vary: Field – Shows the possible fields used by the OpenID Connect provider detected by Privilege Secure. Example Value – Shows an example value for the field based on the login credentials provided in the previous step. This represents the format of the value that will be used to sign in to the MFA during log in. NOTE: These are not the credentials that will be used during the login process; only an example of the format of those credentials. The actual credentials used are unique to each user and are setup during the MFA registration process for that user. Step 11 – Select a field to use for the User Id Field and click Select. Step 12 – The selected Source and User ID fields from the previous table are shown. Now map the applicable AD field to the User Id Field. This is the value that will be used to sign in to the MFA during login. In the Login Format drop-down, select the applicable AD field to map to the User Id Field. Step 13 – Click Next to proceed. Step 14 – On the Test Logout page, enter the following information: Signout URI – The Signout URI must be the simple logout address (not a SAML SLO endpoint) which takes a parameter for the post logout redirection. Examples for Microsoft Entra ID: https://login.microsoftonline.com/common/oauth2/logout? post_logout_redirect_uri Example for Auth0: https://privilegesecure-dev.auth0.com/v2/logout?returnTo Example for Okta: https://dev-106968.okta.com/login/signout?fromURI Signout Callback URI – Some SAML providers require that redirection URIs be authorized, so the page displays the URI details for the redirection. Step 15 – Click Test Log Out to verify the connection configuration. This opens the browser page and logs out of the SAML Provider. If the Log Out page does not display as expected, review the values configured for the Signout URI and modify them where needed. Then, verify the Log Out page again. Step 16 – Click the browser’s back arrow to return to the Test Logout wizard page. Step 17 – If the logout was successful, click Finish. A window will display the updated configuration settings. Step 18 – Click Okay to close the wizard and click Save on the Authentication page to accept the changes. The Authentication Connector is configured and added to the Connectors list. Integration Connectors Page The Integration Connectors page is accessible from the Navigation pane under Configuration. It shows the configured integration settings with other products. The pane on the left side of the page displays a list of the configured integration connectors. This pane has the following features: Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. Green + button — Create a new connector Trashcan icon — Deletes the connector. Icon appears when activity is hovered over. A confirmation window will display. The selected connector details display at the top of the main pane: Name — Displays the name of the authentication connector Description — Description of the policy Connector Type — Indicates the type of integration: BYOV — Configure integration with any vault, or Bring Your Own Vault. See the Bring Your Own Vault (BYOV) Integration topic for additional information. CyberArk — Configure integration with CyberArk. See the CyberArk Integration topic for additional information. HashiCorp — Configure integration with HashiCorp. See the HashiCorp Integration topic for additional information. LAPS — Configure integration with LAPS. See the LAPS Integration topic for additional information. StealthAUDIT — Configure integration with Netwrix Access Analyzer (formerly Enterprise Auditor). See the Enterprise Auditor Integration topic for additional information. NOTE: The remaining fields vary based on the type selected. If any of these settings are modified, Save and Cancel buttons are displayed. Click Save to commit the modifications. Click Cancel to discard the modifications. Bring Your Own Vault (BYOV) Integration Privilege Secure contains a built-in vault for credential management, but can integrate with vaults from other vendors using the Bring Your Own Vault® (BYOV) integration. Add a Vault Connector for BYOV Follow the steps to add the BYOV Connector. Step 1 – Navigate to the Configuration > Integration Connectors page. Step 2 – In the Integration Connectors list, click the Add Integration Connector icon. Step 3 – Enter the following information: Connector Name – Enter a name to uniquely identify the connector Connector Description (Optional) – Enter a brief description to identify the service account Connector Template – A selection of templates for connector configurations. Select BYOV from the drop-down list. API Url – The base URL for the API being used for the vault integration. Ex: https:// localhost/PasswordVault. App ID – The application ID for the vault Client Certificate – The base 64 string from the certificate file being used to authenticate to the vault Advanced – Use this section to override the default behavior of the connector by providing a custom PowerShell script. Click on the Advanced section to edit the Checkout Script Block and the Checkin Script Block or Skip the Certificate Check. Step 4 – Click the Save icon to create the new integration connector. The Build Your Own Vault has been configured. Bring Your Own Vault (BYOV) Connector Configuration This topic walks through the steps necessary to configure Netwrix Privilege Secure as a BYOV Integration Connector that can be used to perform activities as a specific user account. This can be done with accounts managed by Privilege Secure, or with accounts stored inside of a Secret Vault within Privilege Secure. Use this workflow to bypass the default "Enable Account" and "Disable Account" pre-session and post-session actions. In the case of a Secret Vault credential, when it is necessary to use an unmanaged account for an activity. Set Up an Integration Connector Begin by setting up an Integration Connector for using Netwrix Privilege Secure as a BYOV Connector. Ensure that the account you wish to use for your activity is managed by Privilege Secure or is contained within a Secret Vault resource in Privilege Secure. NOTE: For managed accounts, ensure that the account has been rotated at least once since being managed. Otherwise, there will be no vaulted password in the Netwrix Privilege Secure database. Configure the Activity Connector Follow the steps to configure an Activity Connector. Step 1 – In the Netwrix Privilege Secure console, navigate to the Configuration menu, and the Integration Connectors submenu. Step 2 – Click the Plus to add a new Activity Connector. Step 3 – Configure the following activity connector fields: Connector Name – Enter a name to uniquely identify the connector Connector Description (Optional) – Enter a brief description to identify the service account Connector Template – A selection of templates for connector configurations. Select BYOV from the drop-down list. API Url – The base URL for the API being used for the vault integration. Ex: http:// localhost:6500. App ID – The application ID for the vault. Enter SbPAM. Client Certificate – The base 64 string from the certificate file being used to authenticate to the vault. Leave blank. Advanced – Use this section to override the default behavior of the connector by providing a custom PowerShell script. Click on the Advanced section to edit the Checkout Script Block and the Checkin Script Block or Skip the Certificate Check. Skip Certificate Check – Select the checkbox Step 4 – Copy and paste the following script into the "Checkout Script Block" field. (The "Checkin Script Block" field may be left blank.) Copy Checkout Script Block param ( $Options, $Credential)$Token = $Options.RestApiToken$Uri = $Options.RestApiUri<# $Message = (ConvertTo-Json $Options -Depth 12)Add SbPAMActionLog -Type Info -Message "BYOV: $Message"#>function Get-Crede ntialMatch { [CmdletBinding()] param ( $CredentialAccount, $CredentialResource, $Token, $Uri ) $credenti als = @() $skip = 0 $take = 100 $result = $null if ($null -n e $CredentialAccount) { $FilterText = "$($CredentialAccou nt)" $Message = "FILTERTEXT: $FilterText" Add-SbPAMActionL og -Type Info -Message "BYOV: $Message" do { $Params = @{ RestApiToken = $Token; Uri = "$($Uri.TrimEnd("/"))/api/v1/Cre dential/Search?skip=$skip&take=$take&filterText=$FilterText&credentialTyp e=1"; } $result = Invoke-SbPAMRest @Pa rams <# $Message = (ConvertTo-Json $resu lt) Add-SbPAMActionLog -Type Info -Message "BYOV: $Message" #> $result.Data | ForEach-Object { $credentials += $_ } $skip += $take } until ($credentials.Coun t -ge $result.RecordsTotal) $credentials | Foreach-Object { $Message = "FOUND: $($_.Id) UserName: $($_.UserName)" Write-Host "$(ConvertTo-Json $_)" Add-SbPAMActionLog -Ty pe Info -Message "BYOV: $Message" } $Message = "Fi nd UserName -eq $CredentialAccount" Add-SbPAMActionLog -Type Info Message "BYOV: $Message" $result = $credentials | Where-Object Property UserName -eq $CredentialAccount if ($null -eq $result) { $Test = "$($Options.TargetHost.DnsHostName)\$CredentialAcco unt" if ($null -ne $Options.TargetHost.NetBiosNam e) { $Test = "$($Options.TargetHost.NetBiosName)\$Credent ialAccount" } $Message = "Find UserName -eq $Test" Add-SbPAMActionLog -Type Info -Message "BYOV: $Message" $result = $credentials | Where-Object -Property UserName -eq $Tes t } if ($null -eq $result) { $result = $credent ials | Where-Object { $_.Username -match $CredentialAccount -and $_.Doma in -eq $CredentialResource } } } return $result}### If this is an activity then use the LoginAccountName$TargetAccount = $Options.A ctivitySession.LoginAccountName$CredentialAccount = $null$CredentialReso urce = $nullif ($null -ne $Options.ActivitySession) { $CredentialAcco unt = $Options.ActivitySession.LoginAccountName }$Message = "Credenti alAccount: $CredentialAccount"Add-SbPAMActionLog -Type Info -Message "BY OV: $Message"### This is a service account, so the info should be in the Credential if ($null -eq $CredentialAccount) { $Credentia lAccount = $Credential.Username}$Message = "CredentialAccount: $Credenti alAccount"Add-SbPAMActionLog -Type Info -Message "BYOV: $Message"$result = Get-CredentialMatch -CredentialAccount $CredentialAccount -Token $Tok en -Uri $Uriif ($null -eq $result) { if ($CredentialAccount -match ". @.*") { $Parts = $CredentialAccount.Split("@") $Credentia lAccount = $Parts[0] $CredentialResource = $Parts[1] } $res ult = Get-CredentialMatch -CredentialAccount $CredentialAccount -Credent ialResource $CredentialResource -Token $Token -Uri $Uri}if ($null -ne $r esult) { $Params = @{ RestApiToken = $Token; Uri = "$($Uri.TrimEnd("/"))/api/v1/Credential/$($result[0 ].CredentialId)?showPassword=true"; } $result = Invoke-SbP AMRest @Params # To support domain users in secret vaults if ($res ult.Username -match ".*\.*") { $Parts = $result.Username.split("\ ") $Credential.Username = $Parts[1] $Credential.Domain = $ Parts[0] $Credential.Password = $result.Password } $Credent ial.Username = $result.Username $Credential.Domain = $result.Domain $Credential.Password = $result.Password return $Credential}else { $Message = "Unable to find credential for $CredentialAccount $Credentia lResource" Add-SbPAMActionLog -Type Error -Message "BYOV: $Message"} Step 5 – Click Save to create the BYOV connector. See the Bring Your Own Vault (BYOV) Integration topic for additional information on c onfiguring a BYOV connector. Create a User Once the integration connector has been configured, create a manually-managed user. Follow the steps to create a manually-managed user. Step 1 – Navigate to Dashboard > Credentials tab. Step 2 – Search or scroll to find the user you wish to manage. Once identified, check the box next to the account name. Step 3 – Click on the Manage button that becomes available above the list, and select Manual. NOTE: Ensure the user is not already managed or added into Privilege Secure. See the Credentials Dashboard topic for additional information on creating a managed account. Set the Account Password Once the account has been manually managed, the password must be set for the account. The following icons should be visible: Wrench (Set Password), Clipboard (Copy Password to Clipboard), and Information (View Password). Follow the steps to set an account password. Step 1 – Navigate to Dashboard > Credentials tab and locate the manually managed account. Step 2 – Click on the Wrench icon to set the password. Step 3 – Enter a password to match the AD password, then click Save. NOTE: For versions before Privilege Secure 4.1, a support ticket will be needed as the Set Password feature is not available. See the Manage Internal Service Accounts topic for additional information on manually managing an account. Create an Activity Once the password has been set for the account, create an activity for the BYOV connector. Follow the steps to create an activity. Step 1 – Navigate to Policy tab > Activities. Step 2 – Click the blue plus icon and create a new Activity using the BYOV Connector. Step 3 – Configure the activity with the following values: Name — Displays the name of the activity Description — Description of the policy Platform — Displays the type of platform, which defines the resource Login Account — Displays the account used to log onto the resource. Select Vault from the drop down menu. Activity Type — Controls the type of actions for the activity. Select Interactive from the drop down menu. Vault Connector — Displays a list of previously configured vault connectors. Select the vault connector created from the steps above. NOTE: You may use accounts stored in a Vault and added as a resource once the integration is created. Also, you may apply domain or other local accounts managed by Netwrix Privilege Secure, but the password must be rotated once prior to use with an activity. Step 4 – Click Save to create the Activity. NOTE: Ensure the Login Account Template uses the format DOMAIN\samAccountName (e.g., NWXTECH\dgrayson). See the Add Activity topic for additional information on creating an Activity. Configure a New Policy Once an Activity has been created, configure a new Policy. Follow the steps to create a Policy. Step 1 – Navigate to the Policy tab > Access Policy. Step 2 – Click the Plus icon and create a new Policy. See the Add Access Policy topic for additional information. Set the Type as Resource Based and select a Connection Profile, with Default being sufficient for most setups. Step 3 – Click Save to create the Access Policy. Step 4 – Once the Access Policy is created, add the following: Users to the Policy. See the Users Tab for Resource Based Access Policies topic for additional information. Activity created for the BYOV Connector. See the Activities Tab for Resource Based Access Policies topic for additional information. Associated resources intended for this Activity. See the Resources Tab for Resource Based Access Policies topic for additional information. See the Add Access Policy topic for additional information on creating an Access Policy. After completing these steps, you can use the specified manually-managed user on the resources outlined in the policy. This setup is ideal for scenarios where a single account is used across multiple resources but needs to be managed through Privilege Secure for enhanced security and management. Remember, Always verify configurations and permissions, especially when integrating with systems like AD and using specific user accounts for critical operations. CyberArk Integration Privilege Secure contains a built-in vault for credential management, but can uniquely map to a CyberArk vault. CyberArk connectors can be used for the following purposes: Service Accounts – Use to perform Active Directory synchronization Activities – Use to configure the target account for the activity CyberArk connectors use the Central Credential Provider. The Central Credential Provider provides a REST interface that allows applications to check out passwords from a CyberArk vault. The accounts are identified by a safe, folder, address and username. For service accounts, the username, address, safe and folder are provided directly in the service account d efinition. For activities, provide the username and address in the LoginAccountName format. The safe and folder information is provided directly in the activity definition. Add a Vault Connector for CyberArk Follow the steps to add the CyberArk Connector. Step 1 – Navigate to the Configuration > Integration Connectors page. Step 2 – In the Integration Connectors list, click the Add Integration Connector icon. Step 3 – Enter the following information: Connector Name – Enter a name to uniquely identify the connector Connector Description (Optional) – Enter a brief description to identify the service account Connector Template – A selection of templates for connector configurations. Select CyberArk from the drop-down list. API Url – The base url for the CyberArk Common Credential provider. https:// cyberarkhost.example.com App ID – The application identifier to use when requesting accounts from the CyberArk Common Credential Provider Client Certificate – The base64 text from the certificate file needed to authenticate to the CyberArk Common Credential Provider Step 4 – Click the Save icon to create the new integration connector. The next step is to import the data from CyberArk. Advanced CyberArk Settings Use the Advanced CyberArk Settings to override the default behavior of the CyberArk connector. This section provides the option to enter customer PowerShell scripts that Privilege Secure will use to check out and check in accounts. Table 1: Variable Name Definition Example Value $Options.Connector The options defined by the connector configuration. $Options.Connector.Name The connector name CyberArk SkipCertificateCheck Allows the rest call to skip the certificate check for the built-in check out step. CheckoutScriptBlock Supply a PowerShell script block to be used for checking out password from CyberArk. The script block will be called with two arguments. It is recommended to use a param() block as follows: param( [Parameter(Mandatory = $true)] $Options, [Parameter(Mandatory = $true)] $Credential ) The scriptblock must return the updated $Credential setting the Username, Domain and Password value to the values that represent the information for the account checked out. The default implementation will set these values to the returned Username, Address and Content of the response from the API call of the Central Credential Provider. $Options will have settings from the BYOV connector and information populated by the activity session. Variable Name Definition Example Value The options defined by the $Options.Connector connector configuration. $Options.Connector.Name The connector name CyberArk Table 1: Variable Name Definition Example Value $Options.Connector.Id The connector GUID identifier 45adf881-2875-485fb789-80ea6ba03623 $Options.Connector.Options.ApiUR L The base URL for the CyberArk Central Credential Provider webservice. The script will append / AIMWebService/api/Accounts to this URL. For more information on the Central Credential Provider you can reference Central Cr edential Provider Webservice Configuration https://vault.example.com $Options.Connector.Options.Appid The application id to be used by Privilege Secure to make requests. privilegesecure $Options.Connector.Options.Client Certificate Thumbprint of certificate to use for client certificate authentica tion, leave empty if client certificates are not used. The certificate must be installed into the certificate store of the ActionService machine. 64D25855C84CCDC581799b49362B A13DB66BD795 $Options.Connector.Options.SkipC ertificateCheck Whether or not to skip the certificate check. True False $Options.ActivitySession The ActivitySession members of the $Options object only exist if the checkout happens during an Activity Session. $Options.ActivitySession.LoginAcc ountNameFormat The template used by the a ctivity session to generate the LoginAccountName %targetdomainname%\ %samaccountname%-a Variable Name Definition Example Value 45adf881-2875-485f- $Options.Connector.Id The connector GUID identifier b789-80ea6ba03623 The base URL for the CyberArk Central Credential Provider webservice. The script will append / $Options.Connector.Options.ApiUR AIMWebService/api/Accounts to https://vault.example.com L this URL. For more information on the Central Credential Provider you can reference Central Cr edential Provider Webservice Configuration The application id to be used by $Options.Connector.Options.Appid privilegesecure Privilege Secure to make requests. Thumbprint of certificate to use for client certificate authentica tion, $Options.Connector.Options.Client leave empty if client certificates are 64D25855C84CCDC581799b49362B Certificate not used. The certificate must be A13DB66BD795 installed into the certificate store of the ActionService machine. True $Options.Connector.Options.SkipC Whether or not to skip the ertificateCheck certificate check. False The ActivitySession members of the $Options object only exist if the $Options.ActivitySession checkout happens during an Activity Session. The template used by the a ctivity $Options.ActivitySession.LoginAcc %targetdomainname%\ session to generate the ountNameFormat %samaccountname%-a LoginAccountName Table 1: Variable Name Definition Example Value $Options.ActivitySession.LoginAcc ountName The generated LoginAccountName PrivilegeSecure\username-a $Options.ActivitySession.UserId The GUID identifier of the requesting user 45adf881-2875-485fb789-80ea6a03623 $Options.ActivitySession.TargetUse rId The GUID identifier of the target user for the activity session 45adf881-2875-485fb789-80ea6a03623 $Options.ActivitySession.TargetId The GUID identifier of the target host for the activity session 45adf881-2875-485fb789-80ea6a03623 $Options.TargetHost The host record associated with the activity session $Options.TargetHost.Id The GUID identifier of the target host 45adf881-2875-485fb789-80ea6a03623 $Options.TargetHost.Distinguished Name The Active Directory d istinguished name of the host CN=PrivilegeSecure,CN=Computers, DC=example,DC=com $Options.TargetHost.DnsHostName The FQDN of the target host PrivilegeSecure.example.com $Options.TargetHost.IPAddress The IPv4 Address of the target host 192.168.1.1 Variable Name Definition Example Value $Options.ActivitySession.LoginAcc The generated LoginAccountName PrivilegeSecure\username-a ountName The GUID identifier of the 45adf881-2875-485f- $Options.ActivitySession.UserId requesting user b789-80ea6a03623 $Options.ActivitySession.TargetUse The GUID identifier of the target 45adf881-2875-485frId user for the activity session b789-80ea6a03623 The GUID identifier of the target 45adf881-2875-485f- $Options.ActivitySession.TargetId host for the activity session b789-80ea6a03623 The host record associated with the $Options.TargetHost activity session The GUID identifier of the target 45adf881-2875-485f- $Options.TargetHost.Id host b789-80ea6a03623 $Options.TargetHost.Distinguished The Active Directory d istinguished CN=PrivilegeSecure,CN=Computers, Name name of the host DC=example,DC=com $Options.TargetHost.DnsHostName The FQDN of the target host PrivilegeSecure.example.com $Options.TargetHost.IPAddress The IPv4 Address of the target host 192.168.1.1 Table 1: Variable Name Definition Example Value $Options.TargetHost.Name The Name of the target host Example\privilegesecure $Options.TargetHost.NetBiosName The NETBIOS name of the target host PRIVILEGESECURE $Options.TargetHost.ObjectSid The Sid of the computer S-1-5-21-2801403971-15350600885098816251143 $Options.TargetHost.Samaccountn ame The Domain and Samaccountname of the computer EXAMPLE\PRIVILEGESECURE$ Table 2: Variable Name Definition Example Value $Credential.Username The username to be checked out, this should be updated with the actual name of the account that was checked out. Username $Credential.Domain The domain name of the user to be checked out, this should be updated with actual domain OR computer name if local computer account Example Example.com HOST HOST.EXAMPLE.COM Variable Name Definition Example Value $Options.TargetHost.Name The Name of the target host Example\privilegesecure The NETBIOS name of the target $Options.TargetHost.NetBiosName PRIVILEGESECURE host S-1-5-21-2801403971-1535060088- $Options.TargetHost.ObjectSid The Sid of the computer $Options.TargetHost.Samaccountn The Domain and Samaccountname EXAMPLE\PRIVILEGESECURE$ ame of the computer $Credential has the values for the Credential generated for lookup, on Checkout the username/ domain/password will most likely be a random value not related to the account to be checked out. Variable Name Definition Example Value The username to be checked out, this should be updated with the $Credential.Username Username actual name of the account that was checked out. Example The domain name of the user to be checked out, this should be Example.com $Credential.Domain updated with actual domain OR computer name if local computer HOST account HOST.EXAMPLE.COM Table 1: Variable Name Definition Example Value $Credential.Password On checkout this will have a random value, overwrite this with the actual password given by the vault $Credential.SudoCommand The command to use for performing elevated commands on a Linux/Unix based system. Add a value to override the default of “sudo” sudo $Credential.PasswordValueConnec torId The vault connector GUID i dentifier for this credential. This has the same value as the $Options.Connector.Id $Credential.PasswordVaultInfo A JSON string that contains vault specific options for this credential Variable Name Definition Example Value On checkout this will have a random value, overwrite this with $Credential.Password the actual password given by the vault The command to use for performing elevated commands on $Credential.SudoCommand a Linux/Unix based system. Add a sudo value to override the default of “sudo” The vault connector GUID i dentifier $Credential.PasswordValueConnec for this credential. This has the torId same value as the $Options.Connector.Id A JSON string that contains vault $Credential.PasswordVaultInfo specific options for this credential The custom script block should return the $Credential object passed in, updated with any relevant information. CheckinScriptBlock Supply PowerShell script block to be used for checking in password from CyberArk. The script block will be called with two arguments. It is recommended that you use a param() block as follows: param( [Parameter(Mandatory = $true)] $Options, Table 1: Variable Name Definition Example Value $Options.Connector The options defined by the connector configuration. $Options.Connector.Name The connector name CyberArk $Options.Connector.Id The connector GUID identifier 45adf881-2875-485fb789-80ea6ba03623 $Options.Connector.Options.ApiUR L The base URL for the CyberArk Central Credential Provider webservice. The script will append / AIMWebService/api/Accounts to this URL. For more information on the Central Credential Provider you can reference Central Cr edential Provider Webservice Configuration https://vault.example.com $Options.Connector.Options.Appid The application id to be used by Privilege Secure to make requests. PrivilegeSecure [Parameter(Mandatory = $true)] $Credential ) The scriptblock must return the updated $Credential setting the Username, Domain and Password value to the values that represent the checked in account information. The default implementation will set these values to the returned Username, Address and Content of the response from the API call of the Central Credential Provider. $Options will have settings from the BYOV connector and information populated by the activity session. Variable Name Definition Example Value The options defined by the $Options.Connector connector configuration. $Options.Connector.Name The connector name CyberArk 45adf881-2875-485f- $Options.Connector.Id The connector GUID identifier b789-80ea6ba03623 The base URL for the CyberArk Central Credential Provider webservice. The script will append / $Options.Connector.Options.ApiUR AIMWebService/api/Accounts to https://vault.example.com L this URL. For more information on the Central Credential Provider you can reference Central Cr edential Provider Webservice Configuration The application id to be used by $Options.Connector.Options.Appid PrivilegeSecure Privilege Secure to make requests. Table 1: Variable Name Definition Example Value $Options.Connector.Options.Client Certificate Thumbprint of certificate to use for client certificate authentica tion, leave empty if client certificates are not used. The certificate must be installed into the certificate store of the ActionService machine. 64D25855C84CCDC581799B49362B A13DB66BD795 $Options.Connector.Options.SkipC ertificateCheck Whether or not to skip the certificate check. True False $Options.ActivitySession The ActivitySession members of the $Options object only exist if the checkin happens during an A ctivity Session. $Options.ActivitySession.LoginAcc ountNameFormat The template used by the a ctivity session to generate the LoginAccountName %targetdomainname%\ %samaccountname%-a $Options.ActivitySession.LoginAcc ountName The generated LoginAccountName PrivilegeSecure\username-a $Options.ActivitySession.UserId The GUID identifier of the requesting user 45adf881-2875-485fb789-80ea6ba03623 $Options.ActivitySession.TargetUse rId The GUID identifier of the target user for the activity session 45adf881-2875-485fb789-80ea6ba03623 $Options.ActivitySession.TargetId The GUID identifier of the target host for the activity session 45adf881-2875-485fb789-80ea6ba03623 Variable Name Definition Example Value Thumbprint of certificate to use for client certificate authentica tion, $Options.Connector.Options.Client leave empty if client certificates are 64D25855C84CCDC581799B49362B Certificate not used. The certificate must be A13DB66BD795 installed into the certificate store of the ActionService machine. True $Options.Connector.Options.SkipC Whether or not to skip the ertificateCheck certificate check. False The ActivitySession members of the $Options object only exist if the $Options.ActivitySession checkin happens during an A ctivity Session. The template used by the a ctivity $Options.ActivitySession.LoginAcc %targetdomainname%\ session to generate the ountNameFormat %samaccountname%-a LoginAccountName $Options.ActivitySession.LoginAcc The generated LoginAccountName PrivilegeSecure\username-a ountName The GUID identifier of the 45adf881-2875-485f- $Options.ActivitySession.UserId requesting user b789-80ea6ba03623 $Options.ActivitySession.TargetUse The GUID identifier of the target 45adf881-2875-485frId user for the activity session b789-80ea6ba03623 The GUID identifier of the target 45adf881-2875-485f- $Options.ActivitySession.TargetId host for the activity session b789-80ea6ba03623 Table 1: Variable Name Definition Example Value $Options.TargetHost The host record associated with the activity session $Options.TargetHost.Id The GUID identifier of the target host 45adf881-2875-485fb789-80ea6ba03623 $Options.TargetHost.Distinguished Name The Active Directory d istinguished name of the host CN=PRIVILEGESECURE,CN=Compute rs,DC=example,DC=com $Options.TargetHost.DnsHostName The FQDN of the target host PrivilegeSecure.example.com $Options.TargetHost.IPAddress The IPv4 Address of the target host 192.168.1.1 $Options.TargetHost.Name The Name of the target host Example\privilegesecure $Options.TargetHost.NetBiosName The NETBIOS name of the target host PRIVILEGESECURE $Options.TargetHost.ObjectSid The Sid of the computer S-1-5-21-2801403971-1535060088509881625-1143 $Options.TargetHost.Samaccountn ame The Domain and Samaccountname of the computer EXAMPLE\PRIVILEGESECURE$ Variable Name Definition Example Value The host record associated with the $Options.TargetHost activity session The GUID identifier of the target 45adf881-2875-485f- $Options.TargetHost.Id host b789-80ea6ba03623 $Options.TargetHost.Distinguished The Active Directory d istinguished CN=PRIVILEGESECURE,CN=Compute Name name of the host rs,DC=example,DC=com $Options.TargetHost.DnsHostName The FQDN of the target host PrivilegeSecure.example.com $Options.TargetHost.IPAddress The IPv4 Address of the target host 192.168.1.1 $Options.TargetHost.Name The Name of the target host Example\privilegesecure The NETBIOS name of the target $Options.TargetHost.NetBiosName PRIVILEGESECURE host S-1-5-21-2801403971-1535060088- $Options.TargetHost.ObjectSid The Sid of the computer 509881625-1143 $Options.TargetHost.Samaccountn The Domain and Samaccountname EXAMPLE\PRIVILEGESECURE$ ame of the computer Table 1: Variable Name Definition Example Value $Credential.Username The username to be checked in. Username $Credential.Domain The domain name of the user to be checked in. Example Example.com HOST HOST.EXAMPLE.COM $Credential.Password The existing known password for the account to be checked in. $Credential.SudoCommand The command to use for performing elevated commands on a Linux/Unix based system. sudo $Credential.PasswordValueConnec torId The vault connector GUID i dentifier for this credential. This has the same value as the $Options.Connector.Id $Credential.PasswordVaultInfo A JSON string that contains vault specific options for this credential $Credential.PasswordVaultInfo A JSON string that contains vault specific { “safe”: “safename”, “folder”: “root” } $Credential has the values for the Credential generated for lookup, on Checkin the username/ domain/password will most likely be a random value not related to the account to be checked in. Variable Name Definition Example Value $Credential.Username The username to be checked in. Username Example Example.com The domain name of the user to be $Credential.Domain checked in. HOST HOST.EXAMPLE.COM The existing known password for $Credential.Password the account to be checked in. The command to use for $Credential.SudoCommand performing elevated commands on sudo a Linux/Unix based system. The vault connector GUID i dentifier $Credential.PasswordValueConnec for this credential. This has the torId same value as the $Options.Connector.Id A JSON string that contains vault $Credential.PasswordVaultInfo specific options for this credential A JSON string that contains vault { “safe”: “safename”, “folder”: $Credential.PasswordVaultInfo specific “root” } Your custom script block should return the $Credential object passed in, updated with any relevant information. HashiCorp Integration Privilege Secure contains a built-in vault for credential management, but can uniquely map to a HashiCorp vault. HashiCorp connectors can be used for the following purposes: Service Accounts – Use to perform Active Directory synchronization Activities – Use to configure the target account for the activity HashiCorp connectors use the Active Directory Secrets Engine. The Active Directory Secrets Engine defines a collection of usernames and passwords in each library endpoint, so when Privilege Secure performs a checkout of the account using the library, the actual account returned may vary. Install Active Directory Secrets Engine Before configuring Privilege Secure to use a HashiCorp connector, the Active Directory Secrets Engine must be installed in the HashiCorp Vault. See the HashiCorp Active Directory Secrets Engine article for additional information. Add a Vault Connector for HashiCorp Follow the steps to add a vault connector for HashiCorp. Step 1 – Navigate to the Configuration > Integration Connectors page. Step 2 – In the Integration Connector list, click the Add Integration Connector icon. Step 3 – Enter the following information: Connector Name – Enter a name to uniquely identify the connector Connector Description (Optional) – Enter a brief description to identify the service account Connector Template – A selection of templates for connector configurations. Select HashiCorp from the drop-down list. Access Token – The access token generated in HashiCorp Skip Certificate Check – Select to ignore certification warnings when connecting to the server Step 4 – Click the Save icon to create the new integration connector. The connector is added. LAPS Integration Privilege Secure contains a built-in vault for credential management, but can uniquely map to a LAPS vault. The Local Administrator Password Solution (LAPS) provides management of local account passwords of domain joined computers. Passwords are stored in Active Directory. The LAPS vault connector can be used for connecting as a service account for host scans, and for activities where the local Administrator account is required. Install LAPS in Your Active Directory Domain Install LAPS in your Active Directory domain and configure the desired hosts to connect to with Privilege Secure to use LAPS. LAPS limits which users have access to the password attributes that are contained in Active Directory. Make sure to create an account for Privilege Secure to use that has appropriate rights. Set the rights for a user with the SetAdmPwdReadPasswordPermission cmdlet. This cmdlet is included in the LAPS installation package which can be downloaded from the Microsoft website. Add a Vault Connector for LAPS Follow the steps to add a vault connector for LAPS. Step 1 – Navigate to the Configuration > Integration Connectors. Step 2 – In the Integration Connector list, click the Add Integration Connector icon. Step 3 – Enter the following information: Connector Name – Enter a name to uniquely identify the connector Connector Description (Optional) – Enter a brief description to identify the service account Connector Template – A selection of templates for connector configurations. Select LAPS from the drop-down list. Service Account – The service account to use when requesting passwords for a computer managed by LAPS Domain Name – The full qualified domain name of the Active Directory domain to use when looking up passwords for computers managed by LAPS Step 4 – Click the Save icon to create the new integration connector. The connector is added. Enterprise Auditor Integration Netwrix Access Analyzer (formerly Enterprise Auditor) can be configured to send administrator information to Privilege Secure. For integration, the following Access Analyzer job groups must be successfully run before Privilege Secure can import the data: .Active Directory Inventory Job Group Windows > Privileged Accounts > Local Administrators Job Group See the Netwrix Access Analyzer Documentation for additional information. Configure the Access Role Follow the steps to configure the access role in Access Analyzer. See the Access Role section of the Web Service REST API for Applications Access Data Remotely topic of the Netwrix Access Analyzer Documentation for additional information. Step 1 – In Access Analyzer, navigate to the Access Node and click the Add Access link in the upper-right corner of the Access view. The Access Role wizard opens. Step 2 – Select the An application accessing data remotely through Web Service radio button, then click Next. The Application Access page opens. Step 3 – The Application Access page displays a list of available objects in the database. Select Tables and click Add to open the Select Database Objects window. Step 4 – Select the following Objects: Tables: SA_ADInventory_Domains SA_SG_LocalAdmins_Details Views: SA_ADInventory_ComputersView SA ADInventory_UsersView NOTE: Type in the Filter Objects by Name box to filter the list of objects by the characters entered. Step 5 – Click OK to return to the Application Access page. Step 6 – Review tables and views and click Next. Step 7 – On the Application Details page, define the name of the application and generate the app token: Application name – Enter “Privilege Secure” Access Expiration – Set the desired expiration for the client secret: Access expires within – Select a timeframe from the drop-down list. The default is 72 hours. Access expires on specified date – Select a date from the drop-down list Generate – Click this button to generate the Client ID and Client secret Client ID – Copy the Client ID for use in Privilege Secure Client secret – Copy the Client Secret for use in Privilege Secure Step 8 – Click Finish to close the wizard and click Save in the Access view accept the changes. NOTE: Access Analyzer must be restarted after a new access role is configured. The next step is to use the Client ID and Client Secret to obtain an access token. This token is used to get data from the Access Analyzer endpoint. Add Service Account for Enterprise Auditor Connector Follow the steps to add the service accounts for the Access Analyzer integration connector. See the Add Service Account topic for additional information. Step 1 – In the Privilege Secure Console, navigate to the Configuration > Service Accounts page. Step 2 – In the Service Account list, click the Add Service Account icon. Step 3 – Enter the following information: Enter Name –Access Analyzer API Enter Description – (Optional) Brief description to identify the service account Domain – This field is not required Username – Enter the Client ID from the Access Role wizard in Access Analyzer Password – Enter the Client Secret from the Access Role wizard in Access Analyzer Platform – Select Windows from the drop-down list Step 4 – Click the Save icon to create the new service account. Step 5 – Follow the steps again to add a service account with administrator credentials for theAccess Analyzer server. Enter the following information: Enter Name – Access Analyzer Admin Enter Description – (Optional) Brief description to identify the service account Domain – The domain the Access Analyzer server is on Username – A local admin account for the Access Analyzer server Password – The password for the local admin account Platform – Select Windows from the drop-down list The next step is to configure the integration connector. Add a Connector for Enterprise Auditor Follow the steps to add the Access Analyzer Connector. Step 1 – In the Privilege Secure Console, navigate to the Configuration > Integration Connectors page. Step 2 – In the Integration Connector list, click the Add Integration Connector icon. Step 3 – Enter the following information: Connector Name – Enter a name to uniquely identify the connector Connector Description (Optional) – Enter a brief description to identify the service account Connector Template – A selection of templates for connector configurations. Select StealthAUDIT from the drop-down list. Server Hostname – The hostname of the server that Privilege Secure needs to connect to the server that Access Analyzer is installed on Port – The port used by the service that Privilege Secure needs to connect to REST Credentials – Enter the Client ID from the Access Role wizard in Access Analyzer PowerShell Credentials – Enter the Client Secret from the Access Role wizard in Access Analyzer Step 4 – Click the Save icon to create the new integration connector. The next step is to import the data from Access Analyzer. Import Data from Enterprise Auditor Follow the steps to import the users, groups, and resources associated with administrator accounts from Access Analyzer. Step 1 – In the Privilege Secure Console, navigate to the Configuration > Integration Connectors page in the menu. Step 2 – In the Integration Connector list, select the previously created Enterprise Auditor Import connector. Step 3 – Click Sync StealthAUDIT to begin the data collection. This may take some time. To view the import progress, navigate to Service Nodes > Action Services. See the Action Service topic for additional information. SIEM Server Page The SIEM Server page is accessible from the Navigation pane under Configuration > SIEM. Privilege Secure can output events to third-party SIEM solutions for reporting, correlation, and notification. The SIEM Servers page define the SIEM endpoint, the method of connection, and the SIEM template to be used. SIEM Servers define where to send the event data, how the connection should be established, and the template to define the format/data to be sent. Step 1 – Navigate to the Configuration > SIEM > SIEM Templates page. Step 2 – Enter the following information: SIEM Host – Enter the address of the SIEM Server Server Type – Select TCP or UDP protocol for the connection PortEnter the port for the connection Protocol - Select the protocol to secure the connection: TLS, TLS 1.1 or TLS 1.2 Template – Select the SIEM template to define the data and format Use SSL - Check to enable SSL for the connection Enabled – Check to enable the SIEM Server. Uncheck to disable the SIEM Server. SIEM Service Events destined for SIEM Servers are sent to a queue. The SIEM service is responsible for pulling events out the queue and processing them. Multiple SIEM services may be used to process high volumes of events. Events processed may be viewed by selecting the SIEM service in the Service Node page. Sent Time – When the event was processed Sent – Successful processing of the event Message – The SIEM event to be processed SIEM Host – The SIEM Server the event is destined for Resource – The Resource associated with the event, If appropriate Account – The Account associated with the event, if appropriate Activity – The Activity associated with the event, if appropriate User Name – The User Name associated with the event, if appropriate SIEM Templates Page The SIEM Templates page is accessible from the Navigation pane under Configuration > SIEM. Privilege Secure can output events to third-party SIEM solutions for reporting, correlation, and notification. The SIEM Templates page determine the format and the nature of the event data. Two out of the box templates are provided for most common use cases, CEF and LEEF. New templates can be configured according to the requirements of the target SIEM solution, and the specific event data that needs to be sent. Privilege Secure supports 1.0 versions of CEF and LEEF. Custom SIEM Templates Follow the steps to add a custom SIEM template to the Privilege Secure Console. Step 1 – Navigate to the Configuration > SIEM > SIEM Templates page. Step 2 – Click the Plus icon. Step 3 – Enter the following information: Template Name — Enter the name for the custom template. Description — Description of the policy Characters To Escape — Characters that need to be escaped Escape Characters — Characters used to escape Format — The event data string that will be sent to the SIEM Server is displayed in the Format field. This can be edited directly Event Picker — A list of events that can be sent is displayed in a scrollable list. To add events, position the cursor in the Format field and select the green plus icon next to the events you wish to add in the event picker Step 4 – Click Save to create the new custom SIEM template. The new custom SIEM template is added to the SIEM templates list. Audit & Reporting Interface The Audit and Reporting interface provides auditing and reporting tools to interrogate all logged activity data in the Privilege Secure Console. This chapter explains the interface features and how to use them. Click Audit and Reporting to expand the menu. Settings can be configured for: Access Certification Page — Audit and remediate user access Activity Log Page — View activity logs for users and resources DB Change History Page — View records of database additions, updates, and deletions Events Page — View the console event log Log Files Page — View the log files from within the console Reporting – View reports on activity Access Certification Page On the Access Certification page, create or review access certification tasks to audit and remediate user access. Only User(s) / group member(s) assigned the Admin Role can create access certification tasks. User(s) / group member(s) with the Reviewer role will see the access certification task(s) assigned to them here. On the left of the page, the Access Certification Task list shows the different access c ertification tasks and has the following features: Search – Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. Add Access Cert. Task icon – Add an access certification task to the list. See the Add Access Certification Task topic for additional information. List of access certification tasks – Select a task from the list to view and edit settings: Status – Shows status information for the task Setup – Admin is in the process of creating an access certification task. It is not visible to the reviewer in this state Ready to Start – Waiting for the reviewer to review the task Incomplete – Review of user access started by the reviewer Complete – Activity either reached the end of its scheduled end time or was canceled early by the requestor. Delete icon – Remove the selected access certification task from the console (A confirmation window will display) The right of the page shows details of the selected access certification task and has the following features: Name – Displays the name of the task. Description – (Optional)Description of the policy. Reviewer – The reviewer that the access certification task is assigned to. Only users with the Reviewer role can be assigned as a reviewer. See the Role Management Page topic for additional information Status – Shows status information for the task Date Started (only visible once review is started) – Date the reviewer begins to review the access entitlements Date Completed – Date the reviewer finished reviewing the access elements Users Tab for Access Certification Entitlements Tab for Access Certification Add Access Certification Task Only user(s) and group(s) with the Admin Role can create access certification tasks. Follow the steps to add an access certification task. Step 1 – Navigate to the Audit and Reporting > Access Certification page. Step 2 – In the Access Certification Task list, click the Add Access Cert. Task icon. Step 3 – Enter the following information: New Cert. Task – Displays the name of the task. Description – (Optional) Description of the policy. Reviewer – Select a reviewer from the drop-down menu. Only users with the Reviewer role can be assigned as reviewer. See the Role Management Page topic for additional information. Step 4 – Click Save to create the new access certification task. Step 5 – With the new access certification task selected, configure the following settings: Users – Add users or groups to the access certification task. See the Add Users to Review section for more information. The new task is added to the Access Certification Task list. Entitlements Tab for Access Certification The Entitlements tab shows the activities associated with the users in the selected access certification task. The Entitlements table has the following features: Search – Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. Column headers can be resized and sorted by ascending or descending order: Status – Shows status information on the user’s access: Requested – Review of access initiated Approved – Existing access is approved Denied – Access is removed for that specific user/resource/permission NOTE: The user is not removed from the access policy. Instead, a ‘deny flag’ is set against that attribute so that it can be re-enabled in the future. User Name – Displays the name of the account Resource – Name of the resource Activity – The name of the credential permitted to be released by the access policy Credential – The credential the activity has permission to release by the access policy Permissions – The permissions granted by the access policy The entitlements tab has three buttons: Review (only enabled for the reviewer) – Opens the Review Activity Details window. See the Review Entitlements topic for additional information. Commit (only enabled when all access has been reviewed) – Commits the m odified access. Once the entitlements are committed, no further changes can be made and the task cannot be deleted. Export Entitlements as CSV (only enabled when changes have been committed) – Export activity details as CSV Review Entitlements Only the assigned reviewer for an access certification task can modify the access entitlements. Follow the steps to review and modify access entitlements for users and groups in the selected access certification task. Step 1 – Navigate to the Audit and Reporting > Access Certification page. Step 2 – In the Access Certification Task list, select the name of the task and select the Entitlements tab. Step 3 – Click Review to open the Review Activity Details window. The Review Activity Details window has the following features: Search – Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. Column headers can be sorted in ascending or descending order: Checkbox – Check to select activities to modify Status – Shows status information on the user’s access: Requested – Review of access initiated Approved – Existing access is approved Denied – Access is removed for that specific user/resource/permission NOTE: The user is not removed from the access policy. Instead, a ‘deny flag’ is set against that attribute so that it can be re-enabled in the future. Name – Displays the name of the account Resource – Name of the resource Activity – Displays the name of the activity Credential – The credential the activity has permission to release by the access policy Permissions – The permissions granted by the access policy Access Policy – Displays the name of the policy ◦ Connection Profile – Displays the name of the connection profile associated to the access policy Last Accessed – The last time the activity was used Step 4 – To approve access, select the applicable row(s) and click Approve. Step 5 – To remove access, select the applicable row(s) and click Deny. NOTE: The user is not removed from the access policy. Instead, a ‘deny flag’ is set against that attribute so that it can be re-enabled in the future. Step 6 – When the entitlements have been reviewed, click Close. Changes are saved to the selected access certification task and shown on the Entitlements Tab for Access Certification. NOTE: It is not necessary to review all entitlements at once. Changes are automatically saved to the selected access certification task and can be returned to at any time (the Status will show as Incomplete). CAUTION: Committed changes cannot be undone. A new access certification task must be created. Alternatively, it is possible to manually reassign users to an access policy. Step 7 – When all entitlements have been reviewed, the Commit button is enabled. Click Commit to save the changes to user access. When the changes have been committed, the export button is enabled. Export the table to CSV if desired. The status of the access certification task will change to Complete. Now that the access entitlements have been reviewed, the task cannot be deleted. Users Tab for Access Certification The Users tab shows the users and groups in the selected access certification task for which the reviewer must certify access entitlement. The Users table has the following features: Search – Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. Column headers can be resized and sorted by ascending or descending order: Name – Click to open the Users and Groups Details page. See the User, Group, & Application Details Page topic for additional information. User Name – Displays the name of the account Email – Displays the associated email address, if available Type – User or Group Add button (Only visible when adding a new task) – Opens the Add Users and Groups window. See the Add Users to Review topic for additional information. Add Users to Review Follow the steps to add users and groups to the access certification task. NOTE: It is not possible to add or remove users after they have been added. Step 1 – Navigate to the Audit and Reporting > Access Certification page. Step 2 – In the Access Certification Task list, select the name of the task and select the Users tab Step 3 – Click Add to open the Add Users and Groups window. The Add Users and Groups window has the following features: Filter by users or groups Search – Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. Available Users/Groups – Shows all users and groups added to the console Users & Groups to Add – Shows the users to be added to the access certification task Column headers can be sorted in ascending or descending order: Name – Displays the name of the account User Name – SAM Account Name for the user or group User Principal Name – User Principal Name (UPN) of the user or group Email – Displays the associated email address, if available Step 4 – Filter by Users or Groups, or use the Search feature. Step 5 – To add a user or group to the access certification task, click a row in the Available Users/Groups table and it is immediately moved to the Users & Groups to Add table. Step 6 – (Optional) Click a row in the Users & Groups to Add table to move it back to the Available Users/Groups table. CAUTION: It is not possible to add or remove users after they have been added to the access certification task. Step 7 – Click Add to add the user(s) and group(s) to the access certification task. The new user(s) and group(s) are added to the certification task and are shown on the Users Tab for Access Certification. NOTE: Only the assigned reviewer can interact with the entitlements once the access certification task is created. The reviewer can now log in to see the access certification task(s) assigned to them and begin the review process. See the Entitlements Tab for Access Certification topic for additional information. Activity Log Page The Activity Log page shows the activity logs for users and resources. From here, search and investigate the records. The Activity Log page has the following features: Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. Additionally, filter by table and date Change type — Filter by change type: All Users Top 5 Users Top 10 Users Date range — Filter by date range. Enter a start date and end date. Refresh button — Reload the information displayed The Summary for the Date Range table shows combined information for all the logs: Column headers can be resized and sorted in ascending or descending order:: Sessions — Total number of sessions Total Duration — Total duration of all sessions combined Average — The average duration of a session Minimum — The minimum duration of a session Maximum — The maximum duration of a session Export as CSV – Allows exporting the Activity Log as a CSV file The Top 5 Users for the Date Range table lists the users with the most sessions: Column headers can be resized and sorted in ascending or descending order: User — The user logged in to the session. Click to open the User, Group, & Application Details Page. Sessions — Number of sessions per user Total Duration — Total duration of all sessions per user Average — The average duration of a session per user Minimum — The minimum duration of a session per user Maximum — The maximum duration of a session per user The Sessions by All Users table lists all user sessions: Column headers can be resized and sorted in ascending or descending order: Session User — The user logged in to the session. See the User, Group, & Application Details Page topic for additional information. Host — The resource the session is using. The details vary based on the type of resource. See the Resources Page topic for additional information. Login Account — Account user is logged in with Policy — Policy associated with the session. See the Access Policy Page topic for additional information. Activity — Activity associated with the session. See the Activities Page topic for additional information. Start — Start time of the session Duration — Duration of the session End — End time of the session Notes — Any notes that were entered when the session was created Ticket Number — Any ticket numbers that were entered when the session was created DB Change History Page The DB Change History page shows the database entries (Additions, Updates, Deletes). From here, search and investigate the records. The DB Changes page has the following features: Search – Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. Filter by: Change Type: Additions Updates Deletes ◦ Data Table – Specify a database table Date Range – Set a date and time range to filter history Refresh button – Reload the information displayed. The DB Changes table has the following features: Column headers can be sorted in ascending or descending order: When – Timestamp of database entry By – The user associated with the entry Change – Type of database entry (Additions, Updates, Deletes) Record Type – Type of record modified Which Record – Record ID Events Page The Events page shows event logs for the Privilege Secure Console. The Events page has the following features: Search – Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. Column headers can be sorted in ascending or descending order: Status – Shows status information for the session Information Error Time – Timestamp of the event User – User associated with the event Access Policy – Name of the Access Policy Event Message – Description of the event Session ID – Unique identifier for the session Log Files Page The Logs page shows the log files. From here, search and investigate the records. On the left of the page, the Log list shows the log files: Search – Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. List of Log files – Select a log file from the list to view it contents The right of the page shows the contents of the selected log file and has the following features: Search – Search the contents of the log file Oldest/Newest Are At The Top button – Click to toggle the list by ascending or descending order Go To Top button – Return to the top of the list List of log entries – Itemized lines from log entry file The log files are saved in the default location: C:\ProgramData\Stealthbits\PAM\Log The log files are saved with a naming format of: PAM-[Service][yyyymmdd]. For example: PAM-ActionService20191002.log Log File Options Pages The log level can be customized for each service. The left of the page lists the configura ble options: Action Service Email Service Proxy Service Scheduler Service SIEM Service Web Service The right of the page shows details of the selected option. Configure Log File Options Configure the Log File Options for the selected service. The recommended log level is Informational. The right of the page shows details of the selected service and has the following features: Edit – Click any field to edit the selected service Name – Displays the short name of the service Minimum Log Level: Verbose – Extremely detailed logging NOTE: There are not many Verbose log messages in Privilege Secure so the difference between Verbose and Debug is minimal. ◦ Debug – More information for detailed analysis of system behavior. Customer support may ask for logs with this log level enabled for troubleshooting purposes ◦ Information – Normal operation for the system ◦ Warning – Message that indicates an unusual condition that the system can recover from ◦ Error – Message that indicates an unrecoverable condition has been reached and may indicate data loss Fatal – Error that has caused the service to abort Retained File Count Limit - The number of log files to keep before deletion File Size Limit Bytes - Maximum size of individual log file Save button (only visible when editing) – Saves changes Cancel button (only visible when editing) – Discards changes See the Log Files Page topic for additional information. Reporting Reports can be viewed and configured on the Reporting page. Predefined reports are available, as well as platform-based reports based on the same data sources as the predefined reports. Additionally, custom reports can be generated based on the predefined reports. All reports can be downloaded as a PDF or CSV file or subscribed to via email. Reports Tree The reports on the Reporting page are organized into folders in a tree menu. Reports can be added to the Favorites folder or removed from the Favorites folder by clicking the star icon next to the report name. Each report has a Filters tab (which allows the report to be run, downloaded, or configured) and a Subscriptions tab (which allows the Privilege Secure user to Subscribe to the report via email). The Search Reports box will search all report names, both predefined and custom, for the specified report name. The report tree will then be filtered down to the matching reports. Report Folders The Reports tree contains the following folders. Favorites Folder This folder in the report tree contains reports that have been marked with a star for easy access. Clicking the star on a favorite report will remove it from the Favorites folder. Predefined Reports This folder contains predefined reports covering common reporting uses cases. Included are: Account Password Age All Activity Sessions Password Rotations Predefined Platform-Based Reports This folder contains predefined reports that are filtered to specific platforms. Included are: All Active Directory Sessions All Entra ID Sessions All Cisco Sessions All Linux Sessions All Microsoft SQL Server Sessions All Oracle Sessions All Website Sessions All Windows Sessions My Reports This folder contains all reports created using the “+” icon next to the Search Reports field or created by modifying and saving an existing predefined or platform based report. Add a New Report Click the + icon next to the Search Reports field to open a new custom report. Enter a name for the new report in the Enter Report Name box. Filters Tab The Filters tab provides customization options for the new report. The Filters tab has the following configuration options: Save – Saves the report and add it to the My Reports folder in the report tree Cancel – Cancels the creation of the report and clear all edits that have been made to the new report Source Drop-down List – Contains data sources that allow the report to look at differe nt data sets related to Privilege Secure administration. See the Data Sources topic for additional information. Timeframe Drop-down List – Contains a number of predefined timeframes, ranging from “Last Hour” to “Last 30 Days”. Additionally, “Custom” can be selected, which makes visible a “Start date” date picker and an “End date” date picker. Attribute Drop-down List – Contains attributes from the given Source that can be paired with an operator and a value Operator – Contains operators that can be used to filter an attribute Value – This field allows manual entry of a value against which the operator will be applied. The field also offers a drop-down menu which is populated with values from the backend database. Data Sources The Source drop-down list contains the following data sources for reports. Activity Sessions This data source contains activity session information, and allows the report to be filtered on the following attributes for a given activity session: Domain Platform Activity Target User Target Host User Resource Sync This data source contains resource sync information, and allows the report to be filtered on the following attributes for a given synced resource: Version Name IP Address Operating System Password Rotation This data source contains password rotation information, and allows the report to be filtered on the following attributes for a given password rotation event: Target Rotation Results Change Reason User Password Age This data source contains password age information, and allows the report to be filtered on the following attributes for a given user account: Account Name Computer Password Age Name Privilege NOTE: The Subscriptions tab will not be enabled until saving the report. See the Subscriptions Tab topic for additional information. Customize an Existing Report Any predefined report, platform-based report, or custom report under My Reports functions identically. Filters Tab Customize the desired configuration settings in the Filters tab. The Filters tab has the following configuration options: Run Query – Runs the query for the given report, and returns any data matching the configured query Download Report – Generates and downloads the report, either as PDF or as CSV. The fi le name of the downloaded report will indicate the name of the report and the time of download. For example, "All Linux Sessions-24-05-07-164307". Save – Saves any modifications to the report. If this is a predefined or platform based report, it will save as a new report under My Reports Delete (available for custom reports only) – Deletes the custom report Source Drop-down List – Contains data sources that allow the report to look at differe nt data sets related to Privilege Secure administration. See the Data Sources topic for additional information. Timeframe Drop-down List – Contains several predefined timeframes, ranging from “Last Hour” to “Last 30 Days”. Additionally, “Custom” can be selected, which makes visible a “Start date” date picker and an “End date” date picker. Attribute Drop-down List – Contains attributes from the given Source that can be paired with an operator and a value. Operator – Contains operators that can be used to filter an attribute. Value – Allows manual entry of a value against which the operator will be applied. The field also offers a drop-down menu which is populated with values from the backend database. Subscriptions Tab The Subscriptions tab allows the Privilege Secure user to Subscribe to the report via email. The report will be emailed to the Email value for the user, which is populated based on Active Directory attributes and can be confirmed for a given user by checking the Users and Groups page. If a new custom schedule is needed for a Subscription, one can be created under the Policy > Platforms > Schedule Policies menu. All Schedule Policies will show up in the list when you Subscribe to a report. See the Schedule Policies Page topic for additional information. The Subscriptions tab has the following configuration options: Search – Allows the subscriptions for this report to be searched based on the username of the subscribed Privilege Secure user Subscribe/Unsubscribe button – Subscribe or unsubscribe the logged in user to the report according to a specified schedule from the drop-down menu CSV checkbox – If checked, a CSV of the report will be emailed to the subscribed user PDF checkbox – If checked, a PDF of the report will be emailed to the subscribed user Subscriptions table – Shows the subscribed users for the report, and their subscription schedule Troubleshooting The purpose of this section is to detail solutions to common problems when using the Netwrix Privilege Secure Console. Enablement Toolkit The Enablement Toolkit is a utility that offers a GUI for common testing scenarios used when troubleshooting the application. The Toolkit is available to download as a .zip file from the Privilege Secure installer's Extras folder. See the Install Components & Methods topic for additional information. Prerequisites Successful download of the Privilege Secure Installer Package Install the Enablement Toolkit Follow the steps to install the Enablement Toolkit. Step 1 – Once the Privilege Secure Installer file has been downloaded, unzip and open the Enablement Toolkit.exe from the Privilege Secure Installer Package > Extras Folder. NOTE: The Enablement Toolkit application should be run as a local Administrator. If the user account running the toolkit is not a local administrator, Windows will request administrator credentials. Step 2 – Click I Accept on the Enablement Toolkit EULA window. The Enablement Toolkit window opens. Enablement Toolkit Window The Enablement Toolkit window fields vary depending on the selected operation. The window has the following fields for all operations: File Menu Options: Save Results – Saves the results of the operation after a successful execution of the operation Exit – Closes the Enablement Toolkit window Help Menu Options: About – Displays information about the Enablement Toolkit. Help (Selected Operation) – Displays the following key information about the selected operation: Selected Operation – The current operation selected Required Fields – Any fields which must be populated to execute the selected operation Notes – Suggested actions or features to use within the selected operation interface Description – A brief summary of the selected action Operation Menu – The operation menu drop-down list contains the following operations: NOTE: See the Enablement Toolkit Operations topic for additional information about each operation. Enumerate Active Directory Objects Verify Domain Group Membership for Credential Verify Local Windows Group Membership for User Account Verify WinRM Status for Host Port Scan for Host Verify SSH Connectivity for Host Set Privilege Secure AppSettingUser Config Files Export Privilege Secure Diagnostics Execute – Click this button to initiate the selected operation Stop – Click this button to stop the selected operation Use TLS – Check this box to force the operation to use LDAPS lookups instead of LDAP. Status – The status of the current job Configure and Execute an Operation Follow the steps to execute an operation. Step 1 – Select an Operation from the dropdown menu. Step 2 – Optional: Open the Help menu for the selected operation by clicking Help > Help (Selected Operation) or pressing F1. Click Close to close the Help menu. NOTE: The Help menu displays key information regarding the selected operation. The Help menu for the Enumerate Active Directory Objects operation displays the operation name, required fields, notes, and a brief description of the selected operation. It is recommended to view the Help menu for each operation you intend to execute. Step 3 – Configure the fields for the selected operation. Table 1: Operation Description Required Fields Notes Enumerate Activ e Directory Objects Enumerates domain or domain controller specified in the Domain field for counts of users, group members, and computers. The target domain / domain •• Domain •• Username •• Password Enable the Use TLS checkbox for LDAPS lookups instead of LDAP. Step 4 – Click Execute. The interface will display the results of the selected operation. Enablement Toolkit Operations This table lists available in the Enablement Toolkit with descriptions, notes, and required fi elds of operations. This menu can be accessed by clicking Help > Help (Selected Operation) or by pressing F1. Operation Description Required Fields Notes Enumerates domain or domain controller Domain Enable the Use Enumerate Activ e specified in the Domain TLS checkbox for Directory Objects field for counts of users, Username LDAPS lookups instead of group members, and LDAP. computers. The target Password domain / domain Table 1: Operation Description Required Fields Notes controller can be s pecified by IP or DNS Name Verify Domain Group Membership for Credential Verifies that a domain group exists and that the user specified in the Domain / User field is a member of that group. The Domain / User field is the <domain>\<user> to be queried for the domain group in the Group field. The Username and Password fields are used for authentication to the domain, which can be any domain user. The target domain / domain controller can be s pecified by either IP, DNS Name, or domain name. •• Domain / User •• Group •• Username •• Password Enable the Use TLS checkbox for LDAPS lookups instead of LDAP. Verify Local Windows Group Membership for User Account Verifies that a local Windows group exists and that the user specified in the User / Host field is a member of that group. The User / Host field is the <user>@<hostname> to be queried for the local Windows group in the Group field. This needs to be in the format: <user@hostname> The Username (ex. domain\user) and Password fields are used for authe ntication to the •• User / Host •• Group •• Username •• Password A domain user must be used for authentication if verifying domain user group membership. Operation Description Required Fields Notes controller can be s pecified by IP or DNS Name Verifies that a domain group exists and that the user specified in the Domain / User field is a member of that group. The Domain / User field is the <domain>\<user> to Domain / User be queried for the domain Enable the Use Verify Domain Group group in the Group field. Group TLS checkbox for Membership for LDAPS lookups instead of Credential The Username and Username LDAP. Password fields are used for authentication to the Password domain, which can be any domain user. The target domain / domain controller can be s pecified by either IP, DNS Name, or domain name. Verifies that a local Windows group exists and that the user specified in the User / Host field is a member of that group. The User / Host field is the User / Host <user>@<hostname> to Verify Local Windows A domain user must be be queried for the local Group Group Membership for used for authentication if Windows group in the User Account verifying domain user Group field. This needs to Username group membership. be in the format: Password <user@hostname> The Username (ex. domain\user) and Password fields are used for authe ntication to the Table 1: Operation Description Required Fields Notes Windows host as a local administrator. Both Domain and local accounts can be used for authentication as long as the account is a local administrator. Verify WinRM Status for Host Checks the following criteria related to WinRM (PSRemoting) c onnectivity to the Host: •• Port scan for port 5985 •• Verify WinRM is enabled •• Verify supplied credentials can authenticate •• Verify InvokeCommand runs with supplied credentials The Host field is the host to be tested. The Username and Password fields are used for authentication. If only the Host field is used, the only the port scan and WinRM are tested. If Host, Username, and Password fields are used, then all tests will run. •• Host Only port 5985 is used for testing WinRM (PSRemoting). Port 5986 is not tested. Operation Description Required Fields Notes Windows host as a local administrator. Both Domain and local accounts can be used for authentication as long as the account is a local administrator. Checks the following criteria related to WinRM (PSRemoting) c onnectivity to the Host: Port scan for port Verify WinRM is enabled Verify supplied credentials can authenticate Only port 5985 is used for Verify WinRM Status for Verify Invoketesting WinRM Host Host Command runs with (PSRemoting). Port 5986 is supplied credentials not tested. The Host field is the host to be tested. The Username and Password fields are used for authentication. If only the Host field is used, the only the port scan and WinRM are tested. If Host, Username, and Password fields are used, then all tests will run. Table 1: Operation Description Required Fields Notes Port Scan for Host Scans the Host for willknown ports: •• SSH (Port 22) •• RDP (Port 3389) •• WinRM (Port 5985) •• WinRM (Port 5986) •• Host A ping test is also performed and is reported in the output's heading. Verify SSH C onnectivity for Host Verifies SSH c onnectivity and authentication to the target Host. The wellknown SSH port (port 22) is used by default but can be customized. The Username and Password fields are used to authenticate the SSH session. The ability to run sudo commands, specify which sudo commands the user has access to, and whether or not the user's sudo commands use the "NOPASSWD" directive are also checked. •• Host •• Port •• Username •• Password N/A Set Privilege Secure A ppSettingUser Config Files Sets the hostname in each Privilege Secure appsetting.user. json configuration file. This hostname should match the CN of the server's IISbound certificate for the Privilege Secure web application. •• Host Should be run on each Privilege Secure server with an IIS-bound certificate installed. Operation Description Required Fields Notes Scans the Host for willknown ports: SSH (Port 22) A ping test is also Port Scan for Host Host performed and is reported RDP (Port 3389) in the output's heading. WinRM (Port 5985) WinRM (Port 5986) Verifies SSH c onnectivity and authentication to the target Host. The wellknown SSH port (port 22) is used by default but can be customized. The Username and Password Host fields are used to authenticate the Port Verify SSH C onnectivity SSH session. N/A for Host Username The ability to run sudo commands, specify which Password sudo commands the user has access to, and whether or not the user's sudo commands use the "NOPASSWD" directive are also checked. Sets the hostname in each Privilege Secure appsetting.user. json Set Privilege Should be run on each configuration file. This Secure A ppSettingUser Privilege Secure server hostname should match Host Config Files with an IIS-bound the CN of the server's IIScertificate installed. bound certificate for the Privilege Secure web application. Table 1: Operation Description Required Fields Notes The syntax used in the filed should be the full URL, for example: https:// hostname.domain.co m:6500 Export Privilege Secure Diagnostics Exports logs, various configuration files, and version information for the Privilege Secure server. A date range can be selected for the logs to reduce operation runtime. Upon execution, the user will be prompted to pick a location where the diagnostics will be zipped and saved. •• Date Range Only exports d iagnostics for the Privilege Secure server running this application. Operation Description Required Fields Notes The syntax used in the filed should be the full URL, for example: https:// hostname.domain.co m:6500 Exports logs, various configuration files, and version information for the Privilege Secure server. A date range can be selected Only exports d iagnostics for the logs to reduce Export Privilege for the Privilege operation runtime. Date Range Secure Diagnostics Secure server running this application. Upon execution, the user will be prompted to pick a location where the diagnostics will be zipped and saved. Sign RDP Files to Prevent Publisher Warning RDP Files downloaded from Netwrix Privilege Secure will show as coming from an untrusted publisher. To avoid this warning you can set the certificate thumbprint value to identify an RDP signing certificate for Netwrix Privilege Secure. Signing the RDP file with this trusted certificate will resolve the trust problem with RDP files. Obtain a Certificate Thumbprint To obtain the certificate thumbprint, open the Certificates snap-in. From there, the c ertificate thumbprint can be found in the local computer's certificates store on the Netwrix Privilege Secure server. This certificate thumbprint can be used to certify the Privilege Secure Web Service as well. Follow the steps below to obtain a certificate thumbprint. Step 1 – Open the Windows Certificate Manager Tool (certmgr.exe). Step 2 – Select an existing certificate and expand the folder. Step 3 – Right-click a certificate to sign RDP with > click Open. Step 4 – Click the Details tab. Step 5 – Locate and copy the hexadecimal thumbprint. Step 6 – Navigate to Configuration > System Settings > Global Settings. Step 7 – Paste the thumbprint in the Certificate Thumbprint field of the Netwrix Privilege Secure console. See the Global Settings Page topic for additional information. Step 8 – Click Save. The Netwrix Privilege Secure session has been authenticated. Update the GPO to include the SHA1 thumbprint of the signed certificate to ensure the unknown publisher warning disappears completely. Update Group Policy settings in Windows Follow the steps below to update the GPO to include the SHA1 thumbprint of the signed certificate to ensure the unknown publisher warning disappears completely. Step 1 – Open the Windows Local Group Policy Editor. Step 2 – Navigate to Computer Configuration > Administrative Templates > Windows Components > Remote Desktop Services > Remote Desktop Connection Client. NOTE: Do not expand the Remote Desktop Connection Client folder. Step 3 – Click Specify SHA1 thumbprints of certificates representing trusted .rdp publishers. Step 4 – Click Policy Settings in the upper left-hand corner. Step 5 – Click the Enabled radio button. Step 6 – Paste the certificate thumbprint in the Comma-separated list of SHA1 trusted certificate thumbprints field. Step 7 – Click Apply > OK. The RDP file has been certified and will be trusted by Windows computers that are part of this policy. NOTE: IIS_IUSRS account must have read permissions to the certificate used by Privilege Secure in certlm.msc. Otherwise, in the PAM-WebService log the "Could not sign RDP file with certificate for RDP Session: Keyset does not exist" error will appear and the RDP file won't be signed. Update InsecureSkipVerify and RestURL Rest URL - This setting determines the Rest API URL that is used to send REST calls to the Netwrix Privilege Secure Web service. Privilege Secure Reviewer User Overview This topic and its subtopics are written for users who have been assigned as a Privilege Secure Reviewer. New Reviewers added to Privilege Secure will need to go through the MFA registration process before they can log in. By default, Privilege Secure requires a multi-factor authentication (MFA) solution (Authenticator, DUO, Symantec VIP etc) for all user accounts. Upon initial login, the Reviewer must complete MFA registration in order to proceed with using Privilege Secure. It is recommended to check with the organization's Administrators for login requirements. First Time Login Once Privilege Secure is installed, Reviewers can launch the application from the desktop icon or can be accessed via the URL provided by an Privilege Secure Administrator, for example: https://ExampleServer01:6500 Since Privilege Secure is a browser-based application, it is possible to access the web interface remotely. In most environments, enter the URL for the host on which Privilege Secure is installed into a supported browser address bar. For example, if Privilege Secure is installed on server ExampleServer01, then the address is: https://ExampleServer01:6500 Depending on the organization’s network environment, use the NetBIOS name, fully q ualified domain name (FQDN), or IP Address of the server in the browser. Also, access can be restricted through firewalls. Follow the steps to log in to the Privilege Secure. Step 1 – Open Privilege Secure in a browser window. The Login screen will show the Authentication Connector that is set as the default. NOTE: Privilege Secure requires a multi-factor authentication (MFA) solution (Authenticator, DUO, Symantec VIP, etc) for all Reviewer accounts unless otherwise configured by an Administrator. If required, first time Reviewers must register with an MFA to use with their login credentials. Step 2 – Either click the default authentication connector button, or click Log In with a Different Account to display all of the authentication connectors that are registered with Privilege Secure. Step 3 – Login to Privilege Secure with a configured authentication connector, or enter the user credentials. When using an authentication connector, there's no 'username' or 'password' field for the user to enter. Instead there's just a single button to login. Clicking the authentication connector will redirect the user to the IdP login screen, which will log the user in (with whatever MFA is set up in the IdP) and then revert the user back to the Privilege Secure dashboard once authenticated. Steps 4-7 will be skipped when using an IdP login. Step 4 – Click Login to proceed. Step 5 – A QR code will be displayed to register with an authenticator application. Step 6 – Enter the code provided by the registered multi-factor authenticator (MFA). Step 7 – Click MFA Login. Privilege Secure opens on the Dashboard Interface. Privilege Secure is ready to use. Session Timeout For security reasons, the Privilege Secure Console automatically logs out the user after 10 minutes of inactivity. A Session Timeout warning message displays after 5 minutes. If the timeout message displays, click Stay Logged In to continue using the console. Navigation At the top of the Privilege Secure Console lists available in interfaces and provides access to the Help link and the User Menu: The buttons have these functions: Interfaces: Access — Grants access to the My Activities page. Activities are be displayed as individual cards, organized alphabetically or by Access Policy. See the My Activities Page topic for additional. information. Dashboard — View summaries of recent activity logs and user sessions. See the Dashboard Interface topic for additional information. Audit & Reporting Interface — Audit user access entitlement (Access Certification). This interface is limited to Reviewers. See the Audit and Reporting Page topic for additional information. Help — Opens the Netwrix Privilege Secure Documentation in the in another browser tab User Name — Click to open the drop-down menu: Table 1: Icon Interface My Activities Dashboard Policy Users & Groups Dark Mode — Toggle “Dark Mode” for the console. Hover over the toggle switch to see a preview of Dark Mode. Product Tour — Re-starts walk-through of Privilege Secure features. See the Product Tour topic for additional information. Logout — Signs the user out of the current session and opens the Login screen About — Shows version and license information for the console For reviewers there is a Navigation pane where the pages for the selected interface display. Use the Menu button to the left of the logo to collapse / expand the Navigation pane. Console Icons The Privilege Secure Console makes it easy to gather detailed information at a glance. The following tables show the main icons: Interface Icons Icon Interface My Activities Dashboard Policy Users & Groups Table 1: Icon Interface Resources Credentials Activities Configuration Service Nodes Audit and Reporting Table 2: Icon Session Data Active Sessions Icon Interface Resources Credentials Activities Configuration Service Nodes Audit and Reporting Dashboard Icons Icon Session Data Active Sessions Table 1: Icon Session Data Scheduled Sessions Approvals Historical Sessions User Activity Resources Credentials Table 2: Icon Object User Icon Session Data Scheduled Sessions Approvals Historical Sessions User Activity Resources Credentials Active Directory Icons Icon Object User Table 1: Icon Object Group Application Collection Custom Role Computer / Resource Domain Website Icon Object Group Application Collection Custom Role Computer / Resource Domain Website Table 1: Icon Object Azure AD Secret Vault Cisco Windows Table 2: Icon Information Complete / Information Warning Icon Object Azure AD Secret Vault Cisco Windows Information Icons Icon Information Complete / Information Warning Table 1: Icon Information Failed / Error Active Sessions Scheduled Sessions Icon Information Failed / Error Active Sessions Scheduled Sessions Hover over an icon anywhere within the console for its description. Product Tour New users now experience a product tour on first login. Standard users and users with the Privilege Secure administrator role are walked through features that are relevant to their role. At any time, the tour can be stopped by clicking the X icon at the top-right of the Console. By default, the tour will not display on next login unless the Do not display again checkbox is unchecked. The product tour may be re-started at any time via the user menu. See the Navigation topic for additional information. My Activities Page The Access > My Activities page displays activities mapped to the user as individual cards, organized alphabetically or by Access Policy. To access the My Activities page, open the Access interface. If there is only a single activity card present on this page that activity will open automatically. Activities may be sorted in alphabetical order (the default) or organized into groups according to Access Policy. Duplicate activities will be automatically grouped into a single card on this interface. In the modal for provisioning the session, the user can still select from the multiple Access Policies that are duplicating their access to the activity. An Activity may appear in more than one Access Policy group if the Activity is a member of more than one Access Policy. When sorted by Access Policy, the list of resources displayed is determined by the resource list of the Access Policy. To create an Activity Session, click the plus button to begin. See the Create Activity Session topic for additional information. Create My Activity Session Follow the steps to create an activity session. Step 1 – Select an Activity to expand the session ribbon. Step 2 – Click Create Session to start a new activity session. If an Activity is assigned to a single resource, the Activity card will display the name of the resource; selecting Create Session from the session ribbon will immediately start the Activity. If the Activity is assigned to more than one resource, the Activity card will display the number of resources; selecting Create Session from the session ribbon will open the Configure Session window. CAUTION: If your license is expired and you can still log in, you will not be able to create activity sessions. Step 3 – Enter the following information: If the Activity is a member of more than one Access Policy, the Access Policy field will change to a drop-down selection. Based the resources assigned to the selected access policy, the list of resources will change in the table. Enter notes or a ticket number in the applicable field (Set whether notes or ticket numbers should be optional or mandatory for the session in the related Connection Profile) Select the resources required for the Activity session. Use the Search field to filter the resource list. Click Start Session to start the provisioning process. NOTE: If an approval is required, the Waiting for approval message will display until it has been granted. Step 4 – When provisioned, an activity session will display an Available status with a green icon. Click Available to launch the session. The contextual menu (…) to the top right of the active session card contains options to stop an active session and to copy/view the login account password, if enabled in the related Connection Profile. All sessions may be managed via the Dashboard interface, and the My Activities interface interchangeably. Provisioning and active sessions are displayed in the session ribbon, newest sessions to the left. Dashboard Interface The Dashboard interface displays an overview of activity sessions, users, resources and related information. The overview section shows information for the following: Active Dashboard – Shows all currently active sessions. See the Active Dashboard topic for additional information. Scheduled Dashboard – Shows all scheduled sessions. See the Scheduled Dashboard topic for additional information. Approvals Dashboard – Shows sessions waiting for approval. See the Approvals Dashboard topic for additional information. Historical Dashboard – Shows previous sessions. See the Historical Dashboard topic for additional information. The table shows information on the selected activity session. Active Dashboard The Active sessions dashboard shows all currently active sessions. Create an Activity Session to grant temporary privileges and gain access to the resources defined by a previously created Access Policy. The Active Sessions table has the following features: Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. Create Session — Open the Activity Request window. See the Create My Activity Session topic for additional information. End Session — Cancel the selected session(s) View Logs — Opens the Session Logs window to view the action log for the selected session. See the Session Logs Window topic for additional information. Refresh — Reload the information displayed The table has the following columns: Checkbox — Check to select one or more items Expand icon — Click the expand (>) icon to show additional information for the session Status — Shows status information for the session: Provisioning — Pre-Session stage of the Activity is processing and assigning permissions to the login account Waiting for Approval — The session requires approval to begin. See the Approvals Dashboard topic for additional information. Available — The activity session is ready. Click the icon to begin the session, or log in through a client. See the Start Activity Session topic for additional information. Failed — Pre-Session stage of the Activity has encountered an error Logged In — User is successfully logged in to the Resource either directly or via the Proxy. Direct log-in is detected by polling the Resource at regular intervals and may not update immediately. Canceling — The session is either expired or was canceled manually by the user or an Privilege Secure administrator. Locked — The session has been locked by an Privilege Secure administrator Requested — Date and time of when the session was created Host — Resource that the user will run the activity on Login Account — Displays the account used to log onto the resource Activity — Displays the name of the activity. Start — Indicates when the activity started. This refers to when the activity’s actions were executed and not when the user was logged on to the resource. End — Indicates when the session is scheduled to end the activity, which is determined by the start time plus the maximum session duration set by the access policy Connection Profile The table columns can be resized and sorted in ascending or descending order. Create Activity Session Follow the steps to create an activity session. Step 1 – Navigate to the Dashboard > Active page. Step 2 – In the Active Session table, click Create Session to open the Activity Request window. Step 3 – On the Request Type page, enter the following information: Select Activity – Search for and select an activity from the drop-down list Step 4 – Click Next to go to the Resource Selection page. Step 5 – On the Resource Selection page, enter the following information: Select the resource(s) from the table (Optional) Click View Selections to view all selected resources Step 6 – Click Next to go to the Notes page. Step 7 – On the Notes page, enter the following information: Notes for this session Ticket number for this session Step 8 – Click Next to go to the Scheduling page. Step 9 – On the Scheduling page, enter the following information: Select Now or enter a desired date and time to begin the session Step 10 – Click Next to go to the Review page. Step 11 – On the Review page, review the summary of the new session. Step 12 – Click Finish to create the session. The new session is created and is shown in the applicable dashboard in the Dashboard interface. If approval is required, the status Waiting for Approval is shown. The requester cannot log in to the session until the request is approved and the status changes to Available. When the status Available is shown, the remote session is ready. Click the Connection icon to begin the session, or log in through a client. See the Start Activity Session topic for additional information. Start Activity Session On the Active Sessions dashboard, when the status Available is shown, the activity session is ready. To begin the activity session, click the Connection icon in the Status column for the applicable session to be automatically connected to the resource. Also note the icons to view and copy the password for the session as plain text, if the option is enabled in the access policy Connection Profiles. Copy to Clipboard icon — Click to copy the password for the session as plain text. For resource–based activities for end users, this is only available if enabled in the activity's Access Policy. The password can always be viewed for credential–based activities. View Password icon — Click to view the password for the session as plain text. For resource–based activities for end users, this is only available if enabled in the activity's Access Policy. The password can always be viewed for credential–based activities. To view a password, select the Eye icon. Users will have 20 seconds to view the password or copy it. Connection icon — Click the icon to begin the activity session. Alternatively, configure any RDP / SSH Manager for remote login, including: PuTTY MobaXterm MS Remote Desktop Connection Manager MS Terminal Services Client (Remote Desktop) Session Extension Each session will remain active for a pre-configured amount of time based on the Connection Profile being used with the Access Policy. Session extension options can be configured in the connection profile that allow a session to be extended by the user, in increments. If Session Extension is enabled, the session extension option appears for users when the remaining time is 5 minutes or less. NOTE: For NPS users with the Administrator role, session extension is always enabled. For RDP, a pop-up message is displayed in the session window. For SSH the user can extend by typing Ctrl+X when prompted. Session Logs Window The Session Logs window displays the log details for the selected session. Select a session from the Active dashboard and click the View Logs button to open the Session Logs window. The window has the following features: Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. Filter — Provides options to filter results based on a chosen criterion: Log Level — Filter by the message Status level: Debug, Info, Warn, or Error Requested date — Filter by session start and/or end dates Export as CSV — Generates a CSV file of the table and automatically downloads it to your browser's default download folder. The file name indicates what table was exported. Action Service Version — Indicates the version of the Privilege Secure action service that ran the activity Refresh — Reload the information displayed Okay — Click to close the window, which can also be closed with the X in the upper-right corner The table has the following columns: Line — Indicates the order of the messages within the log DateTime — Date timestamp for when the message was recorded Status — Provides two details: Icon — Indicates whether the action associated with the message was successful Log Level — Indicates message log level: Debug, Info, Warn, or Error Message — Displays the logged details of the message The table columns can be resized and sorted in ascending or descending order. Scheduled Dashboard The Scheduled sessions dashboard shows all scheduled sessions. The Scheduled Sessions table has the following features: Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. Create Session — Open the Activity Request window. See the Create Activity Session topic for additional information. End Session — Cancel the selected session(s) Refresh — Reload the information displayed The table has the following columns: Checkbox — Check to select one or more items Status — Shows status information for the session: Provisioning — Pre-Session stage of the Activity is processing and assigning permissions to the login account Pending — Session scheduled start time is still in the future, session is waiting to start Waiting for Approval — The session requires approval to begin. See the Approvals Dashboard topic for additional information. Available — The activity session is ready. Click the icon to begin the session, or log in through a client. See the Start Activity Session topic for additional information. Failed — Pre-Session stage of the Activity has encountered an error Logged In — User is successfully logged in to the Resource either directly or via the Proxy. Direct log-in is detected by polling the Resource at regular intervals and may not update immediately. Canceling — The session is either expired or was canceled manually by the user or an Privilege Secure administrator. Locked — The session has been locked by an Privilege Secure administrator Requested — Date and time of when the session was created Requested By — User who requested the session Host — Resource that the user will run the activity on Login Account — Displays the account used to log onto the resource Activity — Displays the name of the activity Start — Indicates when the activity starts. This refers to when the activity’s actions will be executed and not when the user logs on to the resource. End — Indicates when the session is scheduled to end the activity, which is determined by the start time plus the maximum session duration set by the access policy Connection Profile The table columns can be resized and sorted in ascending or descending order. Approvals Dashboard The Approvals Dashboard displays requested sessions that require approval. Users and group members designated as approvers will see the pending sessions queued here. The session must be approved before the requestor can log in to the session. The Approvals Dashboard has the following features: Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. Approve — Approves the selected session(s) Deny — Denies the selected session(s) Refresh — Reload the information displayed The table has the following columns: Checkbox — Check to select one or more items to complete a bulk action Status — Shows status information for the session: Waiting for Approval — The session requires approval to begin. Canceling — The session is either expired or was canceled manually by the user or an Privilege Secure administrator. Requested — Date and time of when the session was created Requested By — User who requested the session Host — Resource that the user will run the activity on Login Account — Displays the account used to log onto the resource Activity — Displays the name of the activity Start — Indicates when the activity starts. This refers to when the activity’s actions will be executed and not when the user logs on to the resource. End — Indicates when the session is scheduled to end the activity, which is determined by the start time plus the maximum session duration set by the access policy Connection Profile Notes — Any notes that were entered when the session was created Ticket Number — Any ticket numbers that were entered when the session was created The table columns can be resized and sorted in ascending or descending order. Historical Dashboard The Historical sessions dashboard shows all created sessions and their status. The Historical Sessions table has the following features: Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. Filter — Provides options to filter results based on a chosen criterion: Resource Name – Filter by Host value Requested date — Filter by session start and/or end dates Export as CSV — Generates a CSV file of the table and automatically downloads it to your browser's default download folder. The file name indicates what table was exported. Refresh — Reload the information displayed The table has the following columns: Actions — Contains icons for available actions: Expand icon — Click the expand (>) icon to show additional information Rocket icon — Launches the same session (same activity on the same resource with the same connection profile) for any historical session that is not a Credential-based session View logs icon — Opens the Session Logs window to view the action log for the selected session. See the Session Logs Window topic for additional information. Requested — Date and time of when the session was created Status — Shows status information for the session: Canceled — Activity was manually canceled before its scheduled end time by an Privilege Secure administrator Failed — Pre-Session stage of the Activity has encountered an error Completed — Activity either reached the end of its scheduled end time or was canceled early by the requestor Session User— User who requested the session Host — Resource that the user will run the activity on Login Account — Displays the account used to log onto the resource Activity — Displays the name of the activity Start — Indicates when the activity started. This refers to when the activity’s actions were executed and not when the user was logged on to the resource. Duration — Indicates how long the Activity ran for until it either reached its scheduled end time or was manually canceled by the user or an Privilege Secure administrator Notes — Any notes that were entered when the session was created Ticket Number — Any ticket numbers that were entered when the session was created The table columns can be resized and sorted in ascending or descending order. Privilege Secure End User Overview This topic and its subtopics are written for users who have been assigned as a Privilege Secure User. New users added to the Console will need to go through the MFA registration process before they can log in. Privilege Secure requires a multi-factor authentication (MFA) solution (Authenticator, DUO, Symantec VIP etc) for all user accounts. Upon initial login, the user must complete MFA registration in order to proceed with using Privilege Secure. It is recommended to check with the organization's Administrators for login requirements. There is also a Browser Extension that can be installed for Privilege Secure users. See the Browser Extension App topic for additional information. First Time Login Once Privilege Secure is installed, users can launch the application from the desktop icon or can be accessed via the URL provided by an Privilege Secure Administrator, for example: https://ExampleServer01:6500 Since Privilege Secure is a browser-based application, it is possible to access the web interface remotely. In most environments, enter the URL for the host on which Privilege Secure is installed into a supported browser address bar. For example, if Privilege Secure is installed on server ExampleServer01, then the address is: https://ExampleServer01:6500 Depending on the organization’s network environment, use the NetBIOS name, fully q ualified domain name (FQDN), or IP Address of the server in the browser. Also, access can be restricted through firewalls. Follow the steps to log in to the Privilege Secure. Step 1 – Open Privilege Secure in a browser window. The Login screen will show the Authentication Connector that is set as the default. NOTE: Privilege Secure requires a multi-factor authentication (MFA) solution (Authenticator, DUO, Symantec VIP, etc) for all user accounts unless otherwise configured by an Administrator. If required, first time users must register with an MFA to use with their login credentials. Step 2 – Either click the default authentication connector button, or click Log In with a Different Account to display all of the authentication connectors that are registered with Privilege Secure. Step 3 – Login to Privilege Secure with a configured authentication connector, or enter the user credentials. When using an authentication connector, there's no 'username' or 'password' field for the user to enter. Instead there's just a single button to login. Clicking the authentication connector will redirect the user to the IdP login screen, which will log the user in (with whatever MFA is set up in the IdP) and then revert the user back to the Privilege Secure dashboard once authenticated. Steps 4-7 will be skipped when using an IdP login. Step 4 – Click Login to proceed. Step 5 – A QR code will be displayed to register with an authenticator application. Step 6 – Enter the code provided by the registered multi-factor authenticator (MFA). Step 7 – Click MFA Login. Privilege Secure opens on the Dashboard Interface. Privilege Secure is ready to use. Session Timeout For security reasons, the Privilege Secure Console automatically logs out the user after 10 minutes of inactivity. A Session Timeout warning message displays after 5 minutes. If the timeout message displays, click Stay Logged In to continue using the console. Navigation At the top of the Privilege Secure Console lists available in interfaces and provides access to the Help link and the User Menu: The buttons have these functions: Interfaces: Access — Grants access to the My Activities page. Activities are be displayed as individual cards, organized alphabetically or by Access Policy. See the My Activities Page topic for additional. information. Dashboard — View summaries of recent activity logs and user sessions. See the Dashboard Interface topic for additional information. Help — Opens the Netwrix Privilege Secure Documentation in the in another browser tab User Name — Click to open the drop-down menu: Table 1: Icon Interface My Activities Dashboard Policy Users & Groups Dark Mode — Toggle “Dark Mode” for the console. Hover over the toggle switch to see a preview of Dark Mode. Product Tour — Re-starts walk-through of Privilege Secure features. See the Product Tour topic for additional information. Logout — Signs the user out of the current session and opens the Login screen About — Shows version and license information for the console For reviewers there is a Navigation pane where the pages for the selected interface display. Use the Menu button to the left of the logo to collapse / expand the Navigation pane. Console Icons The Privilege Secure Console makes it easy to gather detailed information at a glance. The following tables show the main icons: Interface Icons Icon Interface My Activities Dashboard Policy Users & Groups Table 1: Icon Interface Resources Credentials Activities Configuration Service Nodes Audit and Reporting Table 2: Icon Session Data Active Sessions Icon Interface Resources Credentials Activities Configuration Service Nodes Audit and Reporting Dashboard Icons Icon Session Data Active Sessions Table 1: Icon Session Data Scheduled Sessions Approvals Historical Sessions User Activity Resources Credentials Table 2: Icon Object User Icon Session Data Scheduled Sessions Approvals Historical Sessions User Activity Resources Credentials Active Directory Icons Icon Object User Table 1: Icon Object Group Application Collection Custom Role Computer / Resource Domain Website Icon Object Group Application Collection Custom Role Computer / Resource Domain Website Table 1: Icon Object Azure AD Secret Vault Cisco Windows Table 2: Icon Information Complete / Information Warning Icon Object Azure AD Secret Vault Cisco Windows Information Icons Icon Information Complete / Information Warning Table 1: Icon Information Failed / Error Active Sessions Scheduled Sessions Icon Information Failed / Error Active Sessions Scheduled Sessions Hover over an icon anywhere within the console for its description. Product Tour New users now experience a product tour on first login. Standard users and users with the Privilege Secure administrator role are walked through features that are relevant to their role. At any time, the tour can be stopped by clicking the X icon at the top-right of the Console. By default, the tour will not display on next login unless the Do not display again checkbox is unchecked. The product tour may be re-started at any time via the user menu. See the Navigation topic for additional information. My Activities Page The Access > My Activities page displays activities mapped to the user as individual cards, organized alphabetically or by Access Policy. To access the My Activities page, open the Access interface. If there is only a single activity card present on this page that activity will open automatically. Activities may be sorted in alphabetical order (the default) or organized into groups according to Access Policy. Duplicate activities will be automatically grouped into a single card on this interface. In the modal for provisioning the session, the user can still select from the multiple Access Policies that are duplicating their access to the activity. An Activity may appear in more than one Access Policy group if the Activity is a member of more than one Access Policy. When sorted by Access Policy, the list of resources displayed is determined by the resource list of the Access Policy. To create an Activity Session, click the plus button to begin. See the Create Activity Session topic for additional information. Create My Activity Session Follow the steps to create an activity session. Step 1 – Select an Activity to expand the session ribbon. Step 2 – Click Create Session to start a new activity session. If an Activity is assigned to a single resource, the Activity card will display the name of the resource; selecting Create Session from the session ribbon will immediately start the Activity. If the Activity is assigned to more than one resource, the Activity card will display the number of resources; selecting Create Session from the session ribbon will open the Configure Session window. CAUTION: If your license is expired and you can still log in, you will not be able to create activity sessions. Step 3 – Enter the following information: If the Activity is a member of more than one Access Policy, the Access Policy field will change to a drop-down selection. Based the resources assigned to the selected access policy, the list of resources will change in the table. Enter notes or a ticket number in the applicable field (Set whether notes or ticket numbers should be optional or mandatory for the session in the related Connection Profile) Select the resources required for the Activity session. Use the Search field to filter the resource list. Click Start Session to start the provisioning process. NOTE: If an approval is required, the Waiting for approval message will display until it has been granted. Step 4 – When provisioned, an activity session will display an Available status with a green icon. Click Available to launch the session. The contextual menu (…) to the top right of the active session card contains options to stop an active session and to copy/view the login account password, if enabled in the related Connection Profile. All sessions may be managed via the Dashboard interface, and the My Activities interface interchangeably. Provisioning and active sessions are displayed in the session ribbon, newest sessions to the left. Dashboard Interface The Dashboard interface displays an overview of activity sessions, users, resources and related information. The overview section shows information for the following: Active Dashboard – Shows all currently active sessions. See the Active Dashboard topic for additional information. Scheduled Dashboard – Shows all scheduled sessions. See the Scheduled Dashboard topic for additional information. Approvals Dashboard – Shows sessions waiting for approval. See the Approvals Dashboard topic for additional information. Historical Dashboard – Shows previous sessions. See the Historical Dashboard topic for additional information. The table shows information on the selected activity session. Active Dashboard The Active sessions dashboard shows all currently active sessions. Create an Activity Session to grant temporary privileges and gain access to the resources defined by a previously created Access Policy. The Active Sessions table has the following features: Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. Create Session — Open the Activity Request window. See the Create My Activity Session topic for additional information. End Session — Cancel the selected session(s) View Logs — Opens the Session Logs window to view the action log for the selected session. See the Session Logs Window topic for additional information. Refresh — Reload the information displayed The table has the following columns: Checkbox — Check to select one or more items Expand icon — Click the expand (>) icon to show additional information for the session Status — Shows status information for the session: Provisioning — Pre-Session stage of the Activity is processing and assigning permissions to the login account Waiting for Approval — The session requires approval to begin. See the Approvals Dashboard topic for additional information. Available — The activity session is ready. Click the icon to begin the session, or log in through a client. See the Start Activity Session topic for additional information. Failed — Pre-Session stage of the Activity has encountered an error Logged In — User is successfully logged in to the Resource either directly or via the Proxy. Direct log-in is detected by polling the Resource at regular intervals and may not update immediately. Canceling — The session is either expired or was canceled manually by the user or an Privilege Secure administrator. Locked — The session has been locked by an Privilege Secure administrator Requested — Date and time of when the session was created Host — Resource that the user will run the activity on Login Account — Displays the account used to log onto the resource Activity — Displays the name of the activity. Start — Indicates when the activity started. This refers to when the activity’s actions were executed and not when the user was logged on to the resource. End — Indicates when the session is scheduled to end the activity, which is determined by the start time plus the maximum session duration set by the access policy Connection Profile The table columns can be resized and sorted in ascending or descending order. Create Activity Session Follow the steps to create an activity session. Step 1 – Navigate to the Dashboard > Active page. Step 2 – In the Active Session table, click Create Session to open the Activity Request window. Step 3 – On the Request Type page, enter the following information: Select Activity – Search for and select an activity from the drop-down list Step 4 – Click Next to go to the Resource Selection page. Step 5 – On the Resource Selection page, enter the following information: Select the resource(s) from the table (Optional) Click View Selections to view all selected resources Step 6 – Click Next to go to the Notes page. Step 7 – On the Notes page, enter the following information: Notes for this session Ticket number for this session Step 8 – Click Next to go to the Scheduling page. Step 9 – On the Scheduling page, enter the following information: Select Now or enter a desired date and time to begin the session Step 10 – Click Next to go to the Review page. Step 11 – On the Review page, review the summary of the new session. Step 12 – Click Finish to create the session. The new session is created and is shown in the applicable dashboard in the Dashboard interface. If approval is required, the status Waiting for Approval is shown. The requester cannot log in to the session until the request is approved and the status changes to Available. When the status Available is shown, the remote session is ready. Click the Connection icon to begin the session, or log in through a client. See the Start Activity Session topic for additional information. Start Activity Session On the Active Sessions dashboard, when the status Available is shown, the activity session is ready. To begin the activity session, click the Connection icon in the Status column for the applicable session to be automatically connected to the resource. Also note the icons to view and copy the password for the session as plain text, if the option is enabled in the access policy Connection Profiles. Copy to Clipboard icon — Click to copy the password for the session as plain text. For resource–based activities for end users, this is only available if enabled in the activity's Access Policy. The password can always be viewed for credential–based activities. View Password icon — Click to view the password for the session as plain text. For resource–based activities for end users, this is only available if enabled in the activity's Access Policy. The password can always be viewed for credential–based activities. To view a password, select the Eye icon. Users will have 20 seconds to view the password or copy it. Connection icon — Click the icon to begin the activity session. Alternatively, configure any RDP / SSH Manager for remote login, including: PuTTY MobaXterm MS Remote Desktop Connection Manager MS Terminal Services Client (Remote Desktop) See the Configure DirectConnect for Remote Desktop Connection topic for additional information. Session Extension Each session will remain active for a pre-configured amount of time based on the Connection Profile being used with the Access Policy. Session extension options can be configured in the connection profile that allow a session to be extended by the user, in increments. If Session Extension is enabled, the session extension option appears for users when the remaining time is 5 minutes or less. NOTE: For NPS users with the Administrator role, session extension is always enabled. For RDP, a pop-up message is displayed in the session window. For SSH the user can extend by typing Ctrl+X when prompted. Configure DirectConnect for Remote Desktop Connection The Netwrix Privilege Secure proxy service can be used to launch DirectConnect sessions via third-party Remote Desktop Connection Management software. Passing a DirectConnect string to the proxy server will launch an RDP connection. This topic explains the formatting for the connection string, with specific examples given for some popular Remote Desktop Connection Management programs. NOTE: If a SAML or OIDC authentication connector is enabled for the requesting user, DirectConnect functionality cannot be used. To configure the remote connection client, use a connection string with the following parameters, separated by “+” to the appropriate port on the proxy: Username – The user name used to sign into Active Directory in the following format: domain\username, user@domain, user@domain.suffix Activity – The activity to perform Resource – The DNS host name of the resource to run the activity on Access Policy (optional) – The Access Policy to invoke (if more than one) Notes (optional) – User notes about the session Connection String Format: <username>+<activity>+<resource>+<access policy>+<notes> Connection String Example: Netwrix\JonSmith+Local Admin+SQL1.netwrix.com JonSmith@netwrix.com+Local_Admin+SQL1.netwrix.com Note that some clients require you to use the “_” (underscore) character as a replacement for a space in Activity names that are made up of multiple words, for example: Netwrix\JonSmith+Add_to_Local_Administrators+SQL1 If you wish to add notes, make sure to add the appropriate number of “+” delimiters if you are not defining an access policy: Netwrix\JonSmith+Local Admin+SQL1.netwrix.com++Server Maintenance PuTTY (SSH) Configuration parameters for PuTTY (SSH). Host Name Format: <connection string>@<proxyhostname> Host Name Example: Netwrix\JonSmith+rootAccess+centos1.lab.local@sbpamhost Port: Port – The SSH listening port on the proxy Default port – 4422 MobaXterm (SSH) Configuration parameters for MobaXterm (SSH). Remote Host Format: <connection string>@<proxyhostname> Resource Host Example: Netwrix\JonSmith+rootAccess+centos1.lab.local@sbpamhost Port: Port – The SSH listening port on the proxy Default port – 4422 Uncheck the checkboxes under Advanced SSH Settings and Bookmark Settings. MobaXterm (RDP) Configuration parameters for MobaXterm (RDP). Remote Host: <proxyhostname> Example: sbpamhost Username: <connection string> Example: Netwrix\JonSmith+LocalAdmin+sql1 Port: Port – The RDP listening port on the proxy Default port – 4489 Check the Redirect Clipboard checkbox on the Advanced RDP Settings tab to enable pasting of the 2FA token. Microsoft Remote Desktop Connection (RDP) Configuration parameters for Microsoft Remote Desktop Connection (RDP). Computer: <proxyhostname>:<port> Example: Sbpamhost:4489 User Name Format: <connection string> User Name Example: Netwrix\JonSmith+LocalAdmin+sql1 If there is no password prompt when executing an RDP shortcut, change the GPO setting. See the Configure Remote Desktop Connection to Prompt for Password topic for additional information. Microsoft Remote Desktop Connection Manager (RDP) Configure the Microsoft Remote Desktop Connection Manager (RDC Manager). Server name: <proxyhostname>:<port> Server name example: Sbpamhost:4489 User Name Format: \<connection string> NOTE: The user name starts with \ (back slash). User Name Example: \Netwrix\JonSmith+LocalAdmin+sql1 Server Name/Port: localhost:4489 If there is no password prompt when executing an RDP shortcut, change the GPO setting. See the Configure Remote Desktop Connection to Prompt for Password topic for additional information. Configure Remote Desktop Connection to Prompt for Password Follow the steps to configure the RDP Group Policy to always prompt for user credentials and password. Step 1 – Open the Group Policy Management Editor. Step 2 – Navigate to Computer Configuration > Administrative Templates > Windows Components > Remote Desktop Services > Remote Desktop Connection Client Step 3 – Right click on Prompt for credentials on the client computer and select Edit from the context menu. Step 4 – In the Prompt for Credentials on the Client Computer window, select Enabled. Step 5 – Click OK to save changes. The Remote Desktop Connection (RDP) Group Policy is configured to always ask for credentials. Session Logs Window The Session Logs window displays the log details for the selected session. Select a session from the Active dashboard and click the View Logs button to open the Session Logs window. The window has the following features: Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. Filter — Provides options to filter results based on a chosen criterion: Log Level — Filter by the message Status level: Debug, Info, Warn, or Error Requested date — Filter by session start and/or end dates Export as CSV — Generates a CSV file of the table and automatically downloads it to your browser's default download folder. The file name indicates what table was exported. Action Service Version — Indicates the version of the Privilege Secure action service that ran the activity Refresh — Reload the information displayed Okay — Click to close the window, which can also be closed with the X in the upper-right corner The table has the following columns: Line — Indicates the order of the messages within the log DateTime — Date timestamp for when the message was recorded Status — Provides two details: Icon — Indicates whether the action associated with the message was successful Log Level — Indicates message log level: Debug, Info, Warn, or Error Message — Displays the logged details of the message The table columns can be resized and sorted in ascending or descending order. Scheduled Dashboard The Scheduled sessions dashboard shows all scheduled sessions. The Scheduled Sessions table has the following features: Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. Create Session — Open the Activity Request window. See the Create Activity Session topic for additional information. End Session — Cancel the selected session(s) Refresh — Reload the information displayed The table has the following columns: Checkbox — Check to select one or more items Status — Shows status information for the session: Provisioning — Pre-Session stage of the Activity is processing and assigning permissions to the login account Pending — Session scheduled start time is still in the future, session is waiting to start Waiting for Approval — The session requires approval to begin. See the Approvals Dashboard topic for additional information. Available — The activity session is ready. Click the icon to begin the session, or log in through a client. See the Start Activity Session topic for additional information. Failed — Pre-Session stage of the Activity has encountered an error Logged In — User is successfully logged in to the Resource either directly or via the Proxy. Direct log-in is detected by polling the Resource at regular intervals and may not update immediately. Canceling — The session is either expired or was canceled manually by the user or an Privilege Secure administrator. Locked — The session has been locked by an Privilege Secure administrator Requested — Date and time of when the session was created Requested By — User who requested the session Host — Resource that the user will run the activity on Login Account — Displays the account used to log onto the resource Activity — Displays the name of the activity Start — Indicates when the activity starts. This refers to when the activity’s actions will be executed and not when the user logs on to the resource. End — Indicates when the session is scheduled to end the activity, which is determined by the start time plus the maximum session duration set by the access policy Connection Profile The table columns can be resized and sorted in ascending or descending order. Approvals Dashboard The Approvals Dashboard displays requested sessions that require approval. Users and group members designated as approvers will see the pending sessions queued here. The session must be approved before the requestor can log in to the session. The Approvals Dashboard has the following features: Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. Approve — Approves the selected session(s) Deny — Denies the selected session(s) Refresh — Reload the information displayed The table has the following columns: Checkbox — Check to select one or more items to complete a bulk action Status — Shows status information for the session: Waiting for Approval — The session requires approval to begin. Canceling — The session is either expired or was canceled manually by the user or an Privilege Secure administrator. Requested — Date and time of when the session was created Requested By — User who requested the session Host — Resource that the user will run the activity on Login Account — Displays the account used to log onto the resource Activity — Displays the name of the activity Start — Indicates when the activity starts. This refers to when the activity’s actions will be executed and not when the user logs on to the resource. End — Indicates when the session is scheduled to end the activity, which is determined by the start time plus the maximum session duration set by the access policy Connection Profile Notes — Any notes that were entered when the session was created Ticket Number — Any ticket numbers that were entered when the session was created The table columns can be resized and sorted in ascending or descending order. Historical Dashboard The Historical sessions dashboard shows all created sessions and their status. The Historical Sessions table has the following features: Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. Filter — Provides options to filter results based on a chosen criterion: Resource Name – Filter by Host value Requested date — Filter by session start and/or end dates Export as CSV — Generates a CSV file of the table and automatically downloads it to your browser's default download folder. The file name indicates what table was exported. Refresh — Reload the information displayed The table has the following columns: Actions — Contains icons for available actions: Expand icon — Click the expand (>) icon to show additional information Rocket icon — Launches the same session (same activity on the same resource with the same connection profile) for any historical session that is not a Credential-based session View logs icon — Opens the Session Logs window to view the action log for the selected session. See the Session Logs Window topic for additional information. Requested — Date and time of when the session was created Status — Shows status information for the session: Canceled — Activity was manually canceled before its scheduled end time by an Privilege Secure administrator Failed — Pre-Session stage of the Activity has encountered an error Completed — Activity either reached the end of its scheduled end time or was canceled early by the requestor Session User— User who requested the session Host — Resource that the user will run the activity on Login Account — Displays the account used to log onto the resource Activity — Displays the name of the activity Start — Indicates when the activity started. This refers to when the activity’s actions were executed and not when the user was logged on to the resource. Duration — Indicates how long the Activity ran for until it either reached its scheduled end time or was manually canceled by the user or an Privilege Secure administrator Notes — Any notes that were entered when the session was created Ticket Number — Any ticket numbers that were entered when the session was created The table columns can be resized and sorted in ascending or descending order. Browser Extension App The browser extension allows users to use Privilege Secure to login and launch web sessions directly through the browser. Supported on both Chrome and Edge browsers (version 116 or higher), the Privilege Secure browser extension is available from the respective stores: Chrome web store – https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/stealthbits-privileged-ac/ ihnkofmplfbejdomofnhlhhaaaoamadj Microsoft Edge Add-ons store – Netwrix Privilege Secure (formerly SbPAM) - Microsoft Edge Addons See the Log in Using the Browser Extension topic for additional information. Browser Extension Interface The browser extension interface can be launched at any time with the Netwrix Privilege Secure icon in the browser. See the Log Into the Privilege Secure Console topic for additional information. The browser interface has 3 tabs: Activities Tab for the Browser Extension Current Tab for Browser Extension Settings Tab for Browser Extension Activities Tab for the Browser Extension The Activities tab displays all website activities mapped to the user via the Privilege Secure Access Policies. See the Access Policy Page topic for additional information. The Activities tab has the following features: + / - buttons (top right) — Expand or collapse all Resource Activities Resources list — Shows all resources mapped to the user via an access policy. Click a Resource to expand it and show associated Activities. Activities — Click an Activity to start an Activity Session. See the Start Web Session topic for additional information. Favorite icon — Click the favorite icon to move the Activity to the top of the list. Settings icon — Click to open the browser extension settings Session icon — If a session is active, the following icons are shown (see the Start Web Session topic for additional information): Green icon – Select to launch the web session Red icon – Select to end the current web session Current Tab for Browser Extension The Current tab displays any website activity matching the current URL in the browser. The Current tab shows the resource that matches the current URL at the top, with all of the activities available for that resource expanded. It has the following features: Activities — Click an Activity to start an Activity Session. See the Start Web Session topic for additional information. Favorite icon — Click the favorite icon to move the Activity to the top of the list. Settings icon — Click to open the browser extension settings Settings Tab for Browser Extension Configure basic settings for the browser extension. For additional settings, log in to the Privilege Secure Console. The Settings tab has the following features: End web sessions automatically — If selected, Activities will automatically close if there are no active web sessions in any tab Delete RDP files after 1 day — If selected, temp files downloaded into the download folder as part of Privilege Secure RDP sessions will be removed after 1 day Logout button — Logout of the browser extension Start Web Session Follow the steps to start a web activity session. Step 1 – In the browser extension interface, select either the Activities or Current tab. Step 2 – Click a Resource to expand it and show associated Activities. Step 3 – Click an Activity in the list to start an Activity Session. Step 4 – When the session icons are enabled to the right of the Activity, the session is ready: Green icon – Click to launch the web session Red icon – Click to end the current web session Step 5 – Click the green icon to launch the web session in the current browser tab. A count-down timer indicates how much time is remaining for the web session. A REC icon will be overlayed on the extension if the current page is being recorded. End Web Session If the web session needs to be ended before the remaining time for the session has expired, clicking the extension icon will display the green session page. Follow the steps to end a Web Session. Step 1 – Open the browser extension interface to display the green session page A count-down timer indicates how much time is remaining for the web session. A REC icon will be overlayed on the extension if the current page is being recorded. Step 2 – Click the red END MY SESSION link to close the web session. Step 3 – A notification is displayed to indicate that the session has ended. Click the Close Tab button on the page or close the tab manually. If the browser extension is configured to automatically end the Activity when all sessions are closed, the Activity will automatically be canceled if there are no remaining browser tabs for the Activity. See the Settings Tab for Browser Extension topic for additional information. If the extension has been configured to not end the Activity sessions on web session closure, the Activity can be closed by clicking on the red icon. See the Activities Tab for the Browser Extension topic for additional information. Remote Access Gateway The Remote Access Gateway (RAG) may be added to any Netwrix Privilege Secure installation to securely extend access to external users such as remote workers or third-party vendors. VPNless access is provided via web page with browser-based sessions for RDP and SSH. The RAG is made up of two components: RAG Portal A dedicated web server to be installed in the DMZ. This is the front-end of the solution for end users and by default the website runs on HTTPS\443. The RAG Portal communicates with the RAG gateway over HTTPS\443 RAG Gateway The gateway runs inside the corporate network and provides a bridge between the RAG Portal and the Netwrix Privilege Secure installation. The RAG Gateway communicates to the Netwrix Privilege Secure web service on port 6500 and the Proxy on 4489 and 4422 for RDP and SSH, respectively. Installation Support It is strongly recommended that a Netwrix engineer be involved in your RAG installation. Please contact your account manager to arrange an installation. End User Overview This topic and its subtopics are written for users who have been assigned as a Remote Access Gateway User. New users will need to go through the MFA registration process before they can log in. Privilege Secure requires a multi-factor authentication (MFA) solution (Authenticator, DUO, Symantec VIP etc) for all user accounts. Upon initial login, the user must complete MFA registration in order to proceed with using Privilege Secure. It is recommended to check with the organization's Administrators for login requirements. First Time Login Remote Access Gateway users can access the portal via the URL provided by a Netwrix Privilege Secure Administrator, for example: https://[ExampleRagPortalIpAddress] Follow the steps to log in to the Privilege Secure. Step 1 – Open the Remote Access Gateway in a browser window. The Login screen will show the Authentication method that is set as the default. NOTE: Privilege Secure requires a multi-factor authentication (MFA) solution (Authenticator, DUO, Symantec VIP, etc) for all user accounts unless otherwise configured by an Administrator. If required, first time users must register with an MFA to use with their login credentials. Step 2 – Either click the default Authentication Connector button, or click Log In with a Different Account to display all of the authentication connectors that are registered with Privilege Secure. Step 3 – Login to the Remote Access Gateway using federated login, or entering the AD or NPS local user credentials. (The method will depend on how the Remote Access Gateway has been configured by your administrator). When using an authentication connector, there's no 'username' or 'password' field for the user to enter. Instead there's just a single button to login. Clicking the authentication connector will redirect the user to the IdP login screen, which will log the user in (with whatever MFA is set up in the IdP) and then revert the user back to the Privilege Secure dashboard once authenticated. Steps 4-7 will be skipped when using an IdP login. Step 4 – Click Login to proceed. Step 5 – A QR code will be displayed to register with an authenticator application. Step 6 – Enter the code provided by the registered multi-factor authenticator (MFA). Step 7 – Click MFA Login. Privilege Secure opens on the Access Interface. Step 8 – Once the authentication is complete, the Access dashboard is displayed. The Remote Access Gateway is ready to use. Session Timeout For security reasons, the Remote Access Gateway automatically logs out the user after 20 minutes of inactivity. A Session Timeout warning message appears after 15 minutes. NOTE: The session timeout setting may differ if it has been customized by your administrator. If the timeout message appears, click Stay Logged In to continue using the console. Navigation At the top of the Privilege Secure Console lists available in interfaces and provides access to the Help link and the User Menu: The buttons have these functions: Interfaces: Access — Grants access to the My Activities page. Activities are be displayed as individual cards, organized alphabetically or by Access Policy. See the My Activities Page topic for additional information. Dashboard — View summaries of recent activity logs and user sessions. See the Dashboard Interface topic for additional information. Help — Opens the Netwrix Privilege Secure Documentation in the in another browser tab User Name — Click to open the drop-down menu: Dark Mode — Toggle “Dark Mode” for the console. Hover over the toggle switch to see a preview of Dark Mode. Product Tour — Re-starts walk-through of Privilege Secure features. See the Product Tour topic for additional information. Logout — Signs the user out of the current session and opens the Login screen About — Shows version and license information for the console Product Tour New users now experience a product tour on first login. Standard users and users with the Privilege Secure administrator role are walked through features that are relevant to their role. At any time, the tour can be stopped by clicking the X icon at the top-right of the Console. By default, the tour will not display on next login unless the Do not display again checkbox is unchecked. The product tour may be re-started at any time via the user menu. See the Navigation topic for additional information. My Activities Page The Access > My Activities page displays activities mapped to the user as individual cards, organized alphabetically or by Access Policy. To access the My Activities page, open the Access interface. If there is only a single activity card present on this page that activity will open automatically. Activities may be sorted in alphabetical order (the default) or organized into groups according to Access Policy. Duplicate activities will be automatically grouped into a single card on this interface. In the modal for provisioning the session, the user can still select from the multiple Access Policies that are duplicating their access to the activity. An Activity may appear in more than one Access Policy group if the Activity is a member of more than one Access Policy. When sorted by Access Policy, the list of resources displayed is determined by the resource list of the Access Policy. To create an Activity Session, click the plus button to begin. See the Create My Activity Session topic for additional information. Create My Activity Session Follow the steps to create an activity session. Step 1 – Select an Activity to expand the session ribbon. Step 2 – Click Create Session to start a new activity session. If an Activity is assigned to a single resource, the Activity card will display the name of the resource; selecting Create Session from the session ribbon will immediately start the Activity. If the Activity is assigned to more than one resource, the Activity card will display the number of resources; selecting Create Session from the session ribbon will open the Configure Session window. CAUTION: If your license is expired and you can still log in, you will not be able to create activity sessions. Step 3 – Enter the following information: If the Activity is a member of more than one Access Policy, the Access Policy field will change to a drop-down selection. Based the resources assigned to the selected access policy, the list of resources will change in the table. Enter notes or a ticket number in the applicable field (Set whether notes or ticket numbers should be optional or mandatory for the session in the related Connection Profile) Select the resources required for the Activity session. Use the Search field to filter the resource list. Click Start Session to start the provisioning process. NOTE: If an approval is required, the Waiting for approval message will display until it has been granted. Step 4 – When provisioned, an activity session will display an Available status with a green icon. Click Available to launch the session. The contextual menu (…) to the top right of the active session card contains options to stop an active session and to copy/view the login account password, if enabled in the related Connection Profile. All sessions may be managed via the Dashboard interface, and the My Activities interface interchangeably. Provisioning and active sessions are displayed in the session ribbon, newest sessions to the left. Dashboard Interface The Dashboard interface displays an overview of activity sessions, users, resources and related information. The overview section shows information for the following: Active Dashboard – Shows all currently active sessions. See the Active Dashboard topic for additional information. Scheduled Dashboard – Shows all scheduled sessions. See the Scheduled Dashboard topic for additional information. Approvals Dashboard – Shows sessions waiting for approval. See the Approvals Dashboard topic for additional information. Historical Dashboard – Shows previous sessions. See the Historical Dashboard topic for additional information. The table shows information on the selected activity session. Active Dashboard The Active sessions dashboard shows all currently active sessions. Create an Activity Session to grant temporary privileges and gain access to the resources defined by an Access Policy created by your administrator. The Active Sessions table has the following features: Create Session — Open the Activity Request window. See the Create My Activity Session topic for additional information. End Session — Cancel the selected session(s) View Logs — Opens the Session Logs window to view the action log for the selected session. Refresh — Reload the information displayed Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. Resource Name — Searches the table or list for resources matching the search string The table has the following columns: Checkbox — Check to select one or more items Expand icon — Click the expand (>) icon to show additional information for the session Status — Shows status information for the session: Provisioning — Pre-Session stage of the Activity is processing and assigning permissions to the login account Waiting for Approval — The session requires approval to begin. See the Approvals Dashboard topic for additional information. Available — The activity session is ready. Click the icon to begin the session, or log in through a client. See the Sessions Interface topic for additional information. Failed — Pre-Session stage of the Activity has encountered an error Logged In — User is successfully logged in to the Resource either directly or via the Proxy. Direct log-in is detected by polling the Resource at regular intervals and may not update immediately. Canceling — The session is either expired or was canceled manually by the user or an Privilege Secure administrator. Locked — The session has been locked by an Privilege Secure administrator Session icons — depending on how access has been configured, the following icons may be available on an Available session: Copy Username to Clipboard — Copies the managed user’s username Copy Password to Clipboard — Copies the managed user’s password View Password — Views the managed user’s password Launch Session — Launches a session in the Sessions tab Requested — Date and time of when the session was created Host — Resource that the user will run the activity on Login Account — Displays the account used to log onto the resource Activity — Displays the name of the activity. Start — Indicates when the activity started. This refers to when the activity’s actions were executed and not when the user was logged on to the resource. End — Indicates when the session is scheduled to end the activity, which is determined by the start time plus the maximum session duration set by the access policy Connection Profile The table columns can be resized and sorted in ascending or descending order. Create Activity Session Follow the steps to create an activity session. Step 1 – Navigate to the Dashboard > Active page. Step 2 – In the Active Session table, click Create Session to open the Activity Request window. Step 3 – On the Request Type page, enter the following information: Select Activity – Search for and select an activity from the drop-down list Step 4 – Click Next to go to the Resource Selection page. Step 5 – On the Resource Selection page, enter the following information: Select the resource(s) from the table (Optional) Click View Selections to view all selected resources Step 6 – Click Next to go to the Notes page. Step 7 – On the Notes page, enter the following information: Notes for this session Ticket number for this session Step 8 – Click Next to go to the Scheduling page. Step 9 – On the Scheduling page, enter the following information: Select Now or enter a desired date and time to begin the session Step 10 – Click Next to go to the Review page. Step 11 – On the Review page, review the summary of the new session. Step 12 – Click Finish to create the session. The new session is created and is shown in the applicable dashboard in the Dashboard interface. If approval is required, the status Waiting for Approval is shown. The requester cannot log in to the session until the request is approved and the status changes to Available. When the status Available is shown, the remote session is ready. Click the Connection icon to begin the session, or log in through a client. See the Sessions Interface topic for additional information. Scheduled Dashboard The Scheduled sessions dashboard shows all scheduled sessions. The Scheduled Sessions table has the following features: Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. Create Session — Open the Activity Request window. See the Create Activity Session topic for additional information. End Session — Cancel the selected session(s) Refresh — Reload the information displayed The table has the following columns: Checkbox — Check to select one or more items Status — Shows status information for the session: Provisioning — Pre-Session stage of the Activity is processing and assigning permissions to the login account Pending — Session scheduled start time is still in the future, session is waiting to start Waiting for Approval — The session requires approval to begin. See the Approvals Dashboard topic for additional information. Available — The activity session is ready. Click the icon to begin the session, or log in through a client. See the Sessions Interface topic for additional information. Failed — Pre-Session stage of the Activity has encountered an error Logged In — User is successfully logged in to the Resource either directly or via the Proxy. Direct log-in is detected by polling the Resource at regular intervals and may not update immediately. Canceling — The session is either expired or was canceled manually by the user or an Privilege Secure administrator. Locked — The session has been locked by an Privilege Secure administrator Requested — Date and time of when the session was created Requested By — User who requested the session Host — Resource that the user will run the activity on Login Account — Displays the account used to log onto the resource Activity — Displays the name of the activity Start — Indicates when the activity starts. This refers to when the activity’s actions will be executed and not when the user logs on to the resource. End — Indicates when the session is scheduled to end the activity, which is determined by the start time plus the maximum session duration set by the access policy Connection Profile The table columns can be resized and sorted in ascending or descending order. Approvals Dashboard The Approvals Dashboard displays requested sessions that require approval. Users and group members designated as approvers will see the pending sessions queued here. The session must be approved before the requestor can log in to the session. NOTE: For security reasons, Remote Access Gateway can only be used by approvers to view pending approvals. Submitting an approval must be done through Netwrix Privilege Secure. The Approvals Dashboard has the following features: Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. Approve — Approves the selected session(s) Deny — Denies the selected session(s) Refresh — Reload the information displayed The table has the following columns: Checkbox — Check to select one or more items to complete a bulk action Status — Shows status information for the session: Waiting for Approval — The session requires approval to begin. Canceling — The session is either expired or was canceled manually by the user or an Privilege Secure administrator. Requested — Date and time of when the session was created Requested By — User who requested the session Host — Resource that the user will run the activity on Login Account — Displays the account used to log onto the resource Activity — Displays the name of the activity Start — Indicates when the activity starts. This refers to when the activity’s actions will be executed and not when the user logs on to the resource. End — Indicates when the session is scheduled to end the activity, which is determined by the start time plus the maximum session duration set by the access policy Connection Profile Notes — Any notes that were entered when the session was created Ticket Number — Any ticket numbers that were entered when the session was created The table columns can be resized and sorted in ascending or descending order. Historical Dashboard The Historical sessions dashboard shows all created sessions and their status. The Historical Sessions table has the following features: Search — Searches the table or list for matches to the search string. When matches are found, the table or list is filtered to the matching results. Filter — Provides options to filter results based on a chosen criterion: Resource Name – Filter by Host value Requested date — Filter by session start and/or end dates Export as CSV — Generates a CSV file of the table and automatically downloads it to your browser's default download folder. The file name indicates what table was exported. Refresh — Reload the information displayed The table has the following columns: Actions — Contains icons for available actions: Expand icon — Click the expand (>) icon to show additional information Rocket icon — Launches the same session (same activity on the same resource with the same connection profile) for any historical session that is not a Credential-based session Requested — Date and time of when the session was created Status — Shows status information for the session: Canceled — Activity was manually canceled before its scheduled end time by an Privilege Secure administrator Failed — Pre-Session stage of the Activity has encountered an error Completed — Activity either reached the end of its scheduled end time or was canceled early by the requestor Session User— User who requested the session Host — Resource that the user will run the activity on Login Account — Displays the account used to log onto the resource Activity — Displays the name of the activity Start — Indicates when the activity started. This refers to when the activity’s actions were executed and not when the user was logged on to the resource. Duration — Indicates how long the Activity ran for until it either reached its scheduled end time or was manually canceled by the user or an Privilege Secure administrator Notes — Any notes that were entered when the session was created Ticket Number — Any ticket numbers that were entered when the session was created The table columns can be resized and sorted in ascending or descending order. Sessions Interface On the Active Sessions dashboard, when the status Available is shown, the activity session is ready. To begin the activity session, click the Connection icon in the Status column for the applicable session to be automatically connected to the resource. Clicking the Session icon via the Active Dashboard will launch a session on the Sessions tab. The Rec icon is displayed in the top right corner of the session to indicate that the Proxy Service is recording the session. The following controls are available in the top right corner of the Sessions interface. Resolution options: Dynamic 1280x720 1920x1080 2560x1440 3840x2160 Ctrl+Alt+Delete — Sends a Ctrl+Alt+Delete command to the session Close — Closes the session Clicking on the Sessions tab will display a list of all available sessions and allow the user to switch between sessions.